TTouch Solution for your pet's Leash Pulling! Watch now!
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Tellington TTouch Training
Developed by internationally-recognized animal expert Linda Tellington-Jones, Tellington TTouch® Training is a specialized approach to the care and training of our companion animals, horses and exotic animals, as well as for the physical and emotional well-being of humans.
With Tellington TTouch, even the most difficult problems and behavioral challenges are often eliminated, enhancing the quality of your animal's life.
Attend a TTouch Training!
There's nothing like firsthand experience to accelerate your learning experience with TTouch! There are numerous possibilities for trainings, demonstrations and workshops. Click on your area of interest for a listing of upcoming events.
Dogs, Cats and other companion animals
Horses
Humans (TTouch is for You, too!)
Why Choose TTouch?
Tellington TTouch can help you understand and influence your animal with your heart and hands in a way that develops trust, creates a harmonious relationship, and changes unwanted behavior.
The magic of TTouch and how it impacts the physical, mental and emotional aspects of all beings is explained by clicking on a link below.
Dogs, Cats and other companion animals
Horses
Humans (TTouch is for You, too!)
Videos on YouTube


Visit our YouTube channel and enjoy more videos about Tellington TTouch!
Shop the TTouch Online Store!
Check out our Books, DVDs, and Key Equipment!
Dogs
Horses
Cats
Humans
TTouch is for You, too!
TTouch for You® is the application of the Tellington TTouch to people. It is easy to learn, requires no special equipment and it works! Over the past 20 years, hundreds of cases show TTouch to be a simple and effective means to relieve a vast range of common and uncommon health issues -- from a simple headache to a life threatening emergency. Learn more ...
TTouch Is Worldwide!
In 30 countries, on six continents, people learn the Tellington Method from TTouch Instructors and more than 1000 Practitioners.
Offices worldwide
Websites around the world
Meet our instructors
Find a practitioner near you
Staying In TTouch® Newsletter
Staying In TTouch: a quarterly newsletter dedicated to educating people about TTEAM and TTouch Methods along with other complementary ideas to help increase our understanding of animals and improve behavior, well-being and performance. Read an article ...
Follow Linda on her Blog
Feel like a mouse in Linda's suitcase as she and Roland traverse the globe meeting with fascinating people and animals. Subscribe to Linda's Blog where she will be sharing the cornucopia of inspiring stories that she receives over the world wide web and working to join our voices to send Heart Hugs and Prayers that can Change the World One TTouch at A Time. Or visit Linda on Facebook and see her latest posts, photos and video clips.
Find a Practitioner Near You!
Our Practitioners are graduates of a two year Certification Program. A unique quality of TTEAM and TTouch allows anyone, regardless or her or his experience, to apply the techniques to any breed of horse, to all disciplines of riding and to all other species of animals. TTEAM and TTouch are not difficult to learn and brings quick rewards. You can build communication, trust, respect and most importantly, JOY with your animal.
Visit TTouch online Worldwide:   Austria  |   Australia  |   Belgium  |   Canada  |   France  |   Germany  |   Italy  |   Japan  |   Netherlands  |   South Africa  |   Switzerland  |   United Kingdom
Animal Ambassadors
Sign Up for Free eNews
Companion Animals
Horses
TTouch for You
Calendar of Events
Trainings & Workshops
Keeping in TTouch!
Newsletter
Practitioners
Instructors
Linda Tellington-Jones
Online Store
About Us
Research & Studies
Links
Contact Us
Home
 
1713 State Rd 502
Santa Fe, NM 87506
Phone: 866-4-TTouch
(866-488-6824)
505-455-2945
Email: info@TTouch.com
  Site Search
Enter keywords below:
Follow Us . . .
Start Here!
A World of Possibilities
Tellington TTouch Training is about a world of possibilities. The TTouch transformational body work and lessons in accelerated learning open revolutionary new relationships with animals. These respectful and meaningful interactions are full of intent, cooperation, discovery, partnership, and magic. Learn more ...
And it all starts with one TTouch circle.
Here are paths you can take on your TTouch journey!
Read
What is TTouch?
How to Do the TTouch
Examples of TTouches
TTouch is Worldwide
About
Linda Tellington-Jones
Our Instructors
Our Philosophy
Bibliography
Disclaimer
For Companion Animals
Why TTouch for Your Dog?
TTouch Trainings are . . .
Announcing the Next Training
What to Expect
Certification Program
For Horses
Why TTouch for Your Horse?
TTEAM Trainings are . . .
Announcing the Next Training
What to Expect
Certification Program
For Humans
Why TTouch for You?
Announcing the Next Training
Browse
Event Calendar
Practitioner Directory
Online Store
© 2017 Linda Tellington-Jones.
All Rights Reserved.