JazzCorner.com is the largest portal for the official websites of hundreds of jazz musicians and organizations with more than a 1/2 million pages views a month. We pioneer practical methods of using technology to benefit the Jazz community, and offer customized solutions for individual Jazz musicians as well as Jazz organizations and businesses. JazzCorner.com custom designs and hosts websites as well as provide links from musician's sites to the JazzCorner.com portal. Features on JazzCorner.com include: the JazzCorner Jukebox where you can stream hundreds of free tunes from musicians that are part of JazzCorner.com. We are also a Google news aggregator. JazzCorner podcasts with established and up-and-coming jazz musicians were named "Best Music Podcast" by Southwest Airlines and are available for free through the site or on iTunes. If you want to be part of JazzCorner.com, please contact us for more information.

  JazzCorner
Roster:

Arranger
Bass
Big Bands
Blogs
Booking
Broadcasters
Camps
Cello
Consulting
Drums
Education
Events
Festivals
Film
Flute
Groups
Guitar
Harmonica
Management
Organ
Organizations
Percussion
Piano
Producing
Publicity
Publishing
Radio Promotion
Record Companies
Recording Studios
Saxophone
Trombone
Trumpet
Vibes
Vocals
Writers


About JazzCorner:
History
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
 
Featured Website: The Jazz Drama Program
The Jazz Drama Program started as:

"An extremely successful series of jazz musicals staged at the Louis Armstrong Middle School in Corona, Queens. Can you imagine 50+ youngsters steeped in blues, bebop and swing, including free-form interludes inspired by Sun Ra? Believe it."
All About Jazz New York

Jazz composer Eli Yamin and teacher/writer Clifford Carlson joined forces in 1998. After writing and premiering 5 new musicals in 5 years people starting taking notice. National Public Radio and the Daily News did a story on their work and middle schoolers in Washington Heights did their own version of Nora's Ark, the jazz musical by Yamin and Carlson. Since the first premiere, 5 Yamin/Carlson musicals have had 15 productions at numerous schools all over the New York Metro area. Hundreds of young people have embraced the work with their time and talent by performing the shows as dancers, singers, actors, instrumentalists and technical crew and over 20,000 children and adults have applauded their efforts.

Jazz offers a unique opportunity for young people to improvise, work together in teams and express feelings. The Jazz Drama program is unique by combining jazz and theatre and developing stories in tune with today's youth. The Jazz Drama Program became a non-profit 501c3 corporation in 2004 to commission original jazz musicals for young people and disseminate the work worldwide.
... read more...









Official Website: http://www.thejazzdramaprogram.org
Featured Video:
Lenny Kravitz jams with Jonathan Batiste at the Jazz Museum in Harlem
Official Website
Jazz News

Where's the Beat? ﻿A. West Africa, Bali, and India, birthplaces of polyrhythm, gamelan, and tala. B. Within every performer, where musical dreams are made. C. In a rhythm training manual by Matthew Montfort called Ancient Traditions - Future Possibilities. D. In the new companion set ...
(Aug 09, 2017 - 04:32:25) [read more]
Jawanza Kobie Band at the Mann Center for Performing Arts - Phila. PA
Jawanza Kobie Band will be a featured performer on the main stage at the Mann Center for the Performing Arts-Super Solar Saturday at 4-5p. This is a free all day family friendly event culminating with a free showing of the feature film 'Hidden Figures' under the ...
(Aug 08, 2017 - 19:18:42) [read more]
EDDIE PALMIERI + DEL CARIBE LATIN JAZZ ALL STARS
Lehman Center for the Performing Arts is proud to present the opening of the 37th Anniversary season featuring the NEA Jazz Master and ten-time Grammy® Award winner legend EDDIE PALMIERI and his SALSA ORCHESTRA on Saturday, September 16th, 2017 at 7:30pm. Also appearing: DEL CARIBE LATIN JAZZ ALL ...
(Aug 07, 2017 - 15:03:34) [read more]
Ulysses Owens Jr. to Host Upcoming Album Release Concert in Celebration of his latest Release "Falling Forward"
On Wednesday, August 9, 2017, Drummer Ulysses Owens, Jr. will celebrate the release of his latest album, Falling Forward (Spice of Life Records 8/4), with a special performance showcasing his new ensemble at Jazz at Lincoln Center's Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola in New York City. Falling ...
(Aug 06, 2017 - 22:48:14) [read more]
Modernistics to Perform in Freedom NH: Music and Dance from the Great American Songbook
The Modernistics will perform Friday August 11 2017 at 7:00 pm at Freedom Elementary School, 40 Loon Lake Road, Freedom NH 03836. Tickets are $20. For information: 603-539-7791. The show will feature toe-tapping favorites by Irving Berlin, Harold Arlen, Dorothy Fields, Duke Ellington and ...
(Aug 06, 2017 - 20:40:59) [read more]
The Wandering Woods deliver hot funk and invigorating jazz on new EP
The Wandering Woods is a band that gives importance to their own identity and passion. Formed by bassist Ross Sandlin and percussionist Jeremy Evans, the Wandering Woods have just released a new EP, a self-titled celebration of their musical roots and influences. Although it only has three tracks, ...
(Aug 06, 2017 - 05:39:35) [read more]

Email Address:






HOME :: ROSTER :: PODCASTS :: NEWS :: JUKEBOX :: SHOP :: CONTACT :: FACEBOOK :: TWITTER

History :: Contact Us :: Privacy Policy

© 1996-2017 JazzCorner