Call Us Today! 1.800.704.3394|info@clearwatercompliance.com
A Partner You Can Trust.
Clearwater Compliance is a leading provider of healthcare compliance and cyber risk management solutions.  Our mission is to empower hospitals and health systems to successfully manage healthcare’s evolving cybersecurity risks, compliance requirements, and ensure patient safety.
Exclusively endorsed by the American Hospital Association, Clearwater solutions have been deployed within hundreds of hospitals and health systems, Fortune 100 organizations and federal government institutions.  Clearwater’s award-winning software and solutions have earned the trust of many of today’s largest and most prestigious hospitals by consistently delivering innovative solutions that address today’s evolving cyber threats and compliance regulations.
Bob Chaput, CEO of Clearwater Compliance, shares his vision for taking a strategic, business-oriented approach to cybersecurity.
$0
Saved our customers in penalties/fines.
0
Software Users
0
Clearwater Educational Web Event Attendees
0
Raving Fans
Health Care Risk Underlined By Insider Threat Finding
In this article, Clearwater CEO Bob Chaput, discusses how the healthcare industry has prioritized compliance, but has undervalued security.
View the entire article in the WSJ Pro Cybersecurity Newsletter here.
We’re Here For One Purpose: To Help Hospitals and Health Systems Defend And Safeguard Sensitive Data
Our customers become raving fans because we are relentlessly focused on affordable, scalable solutions that create maximum value.
Focused Services
Clearwater is all about helping health care organizations and their service providers address risk management issues, including HIPAA compliance and security requirements .
LEARN MORE
Complete Solutions
From one-time solutions to ongoing support, we offer a range of comprehensive tools and expert services to help you meet your compliance and security risk management goals.
VIEW SOLUTIONS
Powerful Results
We’ve helped customers prepare for and respond to OCR audits, OCR & FTC audits and investigations, secure Meaningful Use Incentives and successfully establish robust compliance programs that have saved millions of dollars.
CONTACT US
Experience Counts. Count on Clearwater.
Proven Experience in Large Complex Health Care Environments
Commercially Competitive Professional Services Fees
Independent, Objective Advisory Services with No Vendor Ties
Deep Experience with (30+) Organizations Audited by
OCR, CMS & OIG
Highly Reference-able Hospital / Health System Customer Base, with Exclusive AHA Endorsement
Seasoned Professionals in Health Care Privacy, Security, Compliance & Information Risk Management
Business Risk Management focus While Achieving Regulatory Compliance
Significant Post Breach Experience and Partner Network
Flexible Solutions For All Sizes of Organizations
Industry-leading, Web-based Software Operationalizes Your Program
We’re Health Care Executives Helping Other Health Care Executives
We Religiously Follow the Regs / Rules and Industry-recognized Standards
Scalable Solutions for Even the Largest Health Systems
Industry Recognition from Organizations and Publications
Full Support From Assessment to Risk Response
Value-Add Customer Resources
Raving Fans: Our Customers Come First… And Second.
Our customers are the reason we’re in business. And we never forget that. We only make promises we can keep, and we always keep the promises that we make!
Join Hundreds of Satisfied Customers!
Clearwater Compliance, LLC, focuses on helping health care organizations and their service providers improve patient safety and the quality of care by assisting them to establish, operationalize and mature their HIPAA compliance and information risk management programs.
AS SEEN IN
INDUSTRY RECOGNIZED SOLUTIONS
Health Care Information Privacy, Security, Compliance and Risk Management Solutions from Clearwater Compliance have earned the exclusive endorsement of the American Hospital Association.
POPULAR SOLUTIONS
HIPAA and Cyber Risk Management BootCamp™
HIPAA and Cyber Risk Consulting Services
HIPAA Compliance 10-Point Tactical Assessment™
IRM|Pro™ HIPAA Compliance Software
HIPAA Risk Analysis Workshop
Copyright 2017 Clearwater Compliance LLC | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Sitemap