Skip to content






























Live. Outdoors.
Fire up the
Good Times
SEE GAS FIRE PIT COLLECTION

FEATURED PRODUCTS
Outdoor Porcelain Pavers | Shipwreck Blue
Anchor Grey Porcelain Patio Pavers



Indoors Out:
Ebel Outdoor Furniture
Stonewood is proud to partner with Ebel, the elegant and environmentally responsible outdoor furniture manufacturer. Customize your outdoor sanctuary with Ebel’s wide selection of fabrics and styles.
All aluminum and weather wicker is 100% recyclable, providing a strong and long-lasting product not only ensures low maintenance to go along with one of the best looking patio styles out there.
BROWSE EBEL
Product Focus : Ipe Decking
For the best in Decking, home builders, designers, architects choose our Ipe which stands out among the rest as the premier wood for both decking and use outdoors for walls and cladding. Ipe a beautiful wood that also is the most durable, lasting well over 50 years with ground contact.
To preserve it’s color, use a natural finish or if you like it weathered to a chocolate grey, leave it be and let nature take it’s course.
BROWSE IPE

We Find the Best.
At Stonewood, we find the best mills and quarries for a superior line of products offered at unbelievable prices. We love deals, but we are also selective. See for yourself!
We Deliver. Everywhere.
If you are in Hawaii or Harwich, we will deliver to you, no problem. We will ship via our own trucks, LTL, common carrier. Get started today.
Amazing Customer Service.
We are here to help you! Contact us anytime if you need assistance with project plans, new homes, renovations, antique restorations, and commercial applications.
STICKS + STONES
[Guest Post] Outdoor Fire Pit or Fireplace? Find the Perfect Fit for your Backyard or Patio  
Written by Sally Writes There’s nothing quite like passing the hours of a cool, crisp[...]

PRODUCT CATEGORIES
Apparel
Manufactured Stone
Natural Stone
Outdoor Living
Sale Items
Thin Stone Veneer
Wood
Wood Flooring
FEATURED
Outdoor Porcelain Pavers | Shipwreck Blue
Anchor Grey Porcelain Patio Pavers
Cayman Tan Porcelain Pavers
Reclaimed Barn Wood | Natural
SALE ITEMS
Town & Country Pavers
$4.52 $4.05 /sf
Edge Center Bead Pine Tongue and Groove
From: $0.54 /LF
Hallingdahl | Prefinished Oiled Maple
$6.65 $5.95 /SF
East West Classic Stone Veneer
$8.99$4.99 /SF
Shopping
My Cart
My Wishlist
My Account
Gift Card
About
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Job Opportunities
Blog
Connect
1997-2017 © Stonewood Products