TOLL FREE: 800-826-3370
Locations
Toggle navigation
THE RIGHT ALLOY FOR THE RIGHT APPLICATION
Clinton Aluminum invests in the latest equipment, has millions of pounds of inventory, and has the capabilities to process nearly any piece of metal.
REQUEST A QUOTE
FIND PRODUCTS
BY INDUSTRY
REQUEST A QUOTE
USE OUR ONLINE FORM
CONTACT CLINTON
GET IN TOUCH
ALUMINUM & STAINLESS STEEL DISTRIBUTOR
Clinton Aluminum is the Midwest’s #1 supplier of aluminum and stainless steel plate products. With facilities in Ohio, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan, we are able to quickly fulfill orders and ship our products anywhere in the world, meeting your strict delivery deadlines.
Clinton Aluminum was the first stocking distributor of specialized aluminum mold plate and now we are the largest distributor of aluminum mold plate in North America. We have millions of pounds of aluminum plate, bar, rod, sheet, and structural shapes at our multiple processing facilities. Multiple plate saws in each facility help us process customer orders quickly and accurately, and the Clinton logistics team delivers daily to make sure your critical lead times can be met.
WHY CHOOSE CLINTON OVER OTHER ALUMINUM SUPPLIERS?
PEOPLE
The strength of most successful companies is their people and at Clinton, we know our entire team is our greatest asset. Our sales team members and warehouse managers average nearly 13 years of experience with Clinton. Not only does this provide us with terrific stability as a company, the combined knowledge base of the aluminum industry is a huge benefit to our customers.
VALUE
As an aluminum distributor, we purchase our inventory direct from mills including Kaiser, Constellium, Aleris, Vista Metals, and Alpase. We are proud to be authorized distributors for these mills, and our long-term, steadily growing relationships bring our economy of scale to our customer base.
INVENTORY
Additionally, we stock over 10 million pounds of aluminum, stainless steel, and other metals at our warehouses throughout the Midwest. With a greater variety of alloys in more stock sizes than our competition, we’re able to fill your order faster, right from our in-house inventory.
In cases where we’re out of stock on an item, we’re often able to source the product from our extensive supplier base and have it shipped to you quickly. Availability of a huge array of products is another advantage we have over many other aluminum suppliers.
SHIPPING
When it comes to shipping, no one ships more aluminum plate throughout the United States and Canada than Clinton. Our in-house logistics team logs over 2 million miles per year, with a fantastic record of on-time deliveries and safety.  We also have logistics agreements in place for deliveries all over the world. In 2014 we shipped material to 27 countries.
For local shipments, even our sales team has gotten involved in delivering products. In short, it is a team effort around here and our mission is to get you the alloy you need in the fastest way possible and at the best price.
FABRICATION
We save you time and money by providing materials which are closer to your finished size. We’re able to do this thanks to our diverse selection of processing equipment. We are committed to adding new equipment to our facilities on a regular basis. We don’t just provide metal, we work with you to identify the ideal metal for your exacting requirements.
TECHNICAL PARTNER
“The Right Alloy for the Right Application” means Clinton Aluminum doesn’t just provide metal. We take pride in being a technical resource partner with our suppliers and customers. This means you are working with a distributor who helps you select the right alloy based on your specific product needs, even if it means recommending a product or alloy that we don’t carry.  This commitment to service, value, and education for our customers has helped our nearly 6,000 active customers add value at every point in their business model.
Aluminum continues to grow as an eco-friendly alternative to steel in a variety of industries, and here at Clinton, we will work with you to make sure your aluminum applications are successful. Our dedicated and knowledgeable staff is ready to provide you with the highest level of customer satisfaction.
Call us at 800-826-3370 to speak with one of our knowledgeable sales team or request a quote online!
  CONTACT VIEW OUR PRODUCTS
CONTACT INFORMATION
ADDRESS:
Clinton Aluminum, Inc.
6270 Van Buren Road
Clinton, OH 44216
PHONE:
330-882-6743
EMAIL:
info@clintalum.com
PRODUCT CATEGORIES
Aluminum
Stainless Steel
Other Metals
POPULAR RESOURCES
Application for Employment
Certifications
Equipment
Terms And Conditions
Working With Clinton
RECENT PHOTOS
RECENT POSTS
Aluminum Uses In Trains
Aluminum Uses In Architecture
Aluminum Uses In Construction
RECENT NEWS
Clinton Contributes To Aluminum Welding Article in MoldMaking Technology
Wayne State Warrior race team – Future Engineers!
Gregory Ertle Hired As Vice President of Finance
© 2017 Copyright. Clinton Aluminum | All rights reserved.
Sitemap | Careers | SEO & Internet Marketing from Mike Munter | Web Design by Simple SEO Group