Omri
Welcome to the Organic Materials Review Institute
Español
OMRI supports organic integrity by developing clear information and guidance about materials, so that producers know which products are appropriate for organic operations. OMRI is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that provides an independent review of products, such as fertilizers, pest controls, livestock health care products, and numerous other inputs that are intended for use in certified organic production and processing. When companies apply, OMRI reviews their products against the organic standards. Acceptable products are OMRI Listed® and appear on the OMRI Products List© or OMRI Canada Products List©. OMRI also provides technical support and training for professionals in the organic industry.
Search
One search with complete information about materials and products for organic use.
Get Listed
Verify your credibility and help organic customers choose your products with confidence.
Subscribe
Get essential technical support with your OMRI subscription - a cost effective tool.
Donate
OMRI relies on donations to help support integrity and expert analysis for the organic industry.
OMRI Canada
OMRI is helping grow the organic industry in Canada with the OMRI Canada Products List©.
What We Do
How OMRI's expertise and professional services work to support organic integrity.
NEWS
OMRI Celebrates 5,000 Products
(June 6, 2017) OMRI (the Organic Materials Review Institute) announces that the organization has reached 5,000 OMRI Listed® products reviewed and...
OMRI Board of Directors Welcomes Ben Dobson
(March 14, 2017) OMRI is pleased to announce that Ben Dobson has joined their Board of Directors as a farmer representative. Ben grew up in...
Infographic Celebrates 20 Years of OMRI
(September 20, 2016) OMRI (the Organic Materials Review Institute) is honoring its many founders and supporters over two decades of materials...
OMRI for Consumers and Educators
OMRI for Farmers and Organic Professionals
OMRI for Certifiers
OMRI for Input Suppliers
Copyright ©2017 OMRI • PO Box 11558, Eugene, OR 97440-3758 USA • 541.343.7600 • fax 541.343.8971
Send us an email • Sitemap • Design and Web development by OMRI and Slub Design