SEARCH TJF.ORG
Lane College is Our August School of the Month
Lane College, located in Jackson, Tennessee on approximately 55 acres, is a small, private, co-educational, church-related institution that provides a liberal arts curriculum leading to baccalaureate degrees in the Arts and Sciences. The College admits persons regardless of color, sex, religion or national origin. The future of Lane is intimately tied to its historic past. […]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Previous
Next
We need your help.
Help us send deserving students to HBCUs.
Donate
HBCU NEWS & EVENTS
Foundation, Denny’s Launch the 2018 “Hungry for Education” Scholarship Program
The Tom Joyner Foundation and Denny’s are showing their love for first-generation college students with the launch of the “Tom Joyner Foundation – Denny’s First Generation College Scholarship. The Tom Joyner Foundation and Denny’s are showing their love for first-generation college students with the launch of the “Tom Joyner Foundation – Denny’s First Generation College […]
Read more
North Carolina A&T Breaks Sponsored Research Record With $62.5 Million in Grants, Contracts
Already the state’s third most productive public research university, North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University took in a school-record $62.5 million in research contracts and grants in 2016-17, school leaders announced today. External research funding at North Carolina A&T now has more than tripled over the past 16 years, growing from $18.4 million in […]
Read more
Grambling State University alum & NFL Rookie Chad Williams buys his Mom a car
    One of the benefits of being a third-round draft pick in the NFL is being able to get a nice gift for your mom. Chad Williams, the wide receiver from Grambling State, had long known that his mom, Lisa Rowe, just wanted a car with air conditioning. Being from Louisiana, that can be […]
Read more
UAPB receives historic $900,000 grant from NCAA
    PINE BLUFF – The University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff is celebrating a feat never before accomplished by its athletics program – the winning of a major grant from the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) that will vastly improve the level of academic support that it will be able to extend to its student-athletes. The grant, known […]
Read more
Where Are They Now: 2016 Hercules Scholar, Gregory Foster of Bowie State University
Gregory Foster was a May 2016 Hercules Scholarship recipient from Bowie State University. He recently wrote the following letter, showing his appreciation for his award and sharing what’s next on his path. Dear Tom Joyner Foundation, Thank you for your support and financial assistance during my academic journey at Bowie State University. I am grateful […]
Read more
Catch ASU’s Honey Beez on America’s Got Talent on August 8
Read more
Dedicated to Success: Jacarri Relf of Lane College is Today’s Hercules Scholar
Jacurri Relf   GPA: 3.9 Hometown: Chicago, IL Major: Business Minor: Mass Communications Classification: Sophomore Career goal: entrepreneur Jacarri, today’s recipient of our Hercules Scholarship, aspires to become an entrepreneur. He offers his leadership ability as vice president of both the Student Government Association and Lane College’s chapter of the NAACP. Despite his dedication to […]
Read more
Spotify Hosts The Opening Act: HBCU Conference
Spotify is back with The Opening Act : HBCU Conference for talented sophomores, juniors and seniors who attend a HBCU, and are interested in the music-tech and media industries. The event is a three-day experience that begins Nov. 2nd- 4th. Students can expect a seat at the table with executives and leaders within the music, […]
Read more
More Posts
STAY UP-TO-DATE WITH ALL UPCOMING TJF AND HBCU EVENTS AND INITIATIVES.
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE OUR NEWSLETTER.
I'M IN!
Featured Video
Tom wants all Lane College alumni and supporters to donate during the month of August.
DONATE TO LANE TODAY!
What We Do
The Tom Joyner Foundation provides programming that affords diverse academic opportunities to students wanting and/or attending HBCU’s regardless of social or economic status and means.
Read More
Who We Help
We remain focused on ensuring the future of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) well into the 21st Century through customized capacity building programs.
Read more
How You Can Help
Together, we can make a difference in the lives of young people. Donate to a specific HBCU, the Hercules Scholarship or general scholarship fund to help deserving students get an education.
Read more
OUR PROGRAMS
All students deserve the chance to attend college so they can succeed in life. Therefore, it is the vision of the Tom Joyner Foundation to provide programming that affords diverse academic opportunities to students wanting and/or attending HBCU’s regardless of social or economic status and means.
School Of The Month
The School of the Month Program is the signature program of the Foundation. Annually, the ...
Read More
Teacher Quality Initiative
Our Teacher Quality Initiative provides community college students who desire to become ...
Read More
OUR PARTNERS
To help ease the burden of paying for a college education, these corporations partner with the Tom Joyner Foundation to award scholarships to selected students at Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
CONNECT ON SOCIAL MEDIA
View tomjoynerfoundation’s profile on Facebook
View tomjoynerfound’s profile on Twitter
View _tjfoundation’s profile on Instagram
View TJFoundation’s profile on YouTube
SEARCH OUR SITE
CONTACT US
13760 Noel Road, Suite 750
Dallas, Texas 75240
1-972-789-1058
Monday - Friday
9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Copyright 2017 © Tom Joyner Foundation