Inn Consultants and Brokers Since 1993
MENU
Why Call Us?
The B&B Team®
An Inn Broker and Consulting Service Provider and Serving Innkeepers Throughout the U.S.
Welcome innkeepers and bed and breakfast inn lovers! We are The B&B Team®. If you want to purchase a bed and breakfast inn, learn about starting a bed and breakfast, or you are an innkeeper looking to sell your inn or grow your business, we want to talk to you about our inn broker & consulting services.
Why call us? We are a diverse group of experienced professionals, who also happen to be friends, with one mission: to help you reach your personal and financial goals in the Innkeeping industry. As licensed real estate brokers and Innkeeping consultants with offices in several states, The B&B Team® helps you achieve the success you deserve nationwide.
Come explore!
An Inn Broker with Premier Bed and Breakfasts and Other Distinctive Lodging Properties for Sale
We represent many fine inns for sale around the country and would love to help you sell your inn or buy the bed and breakfast of your dreams.  We’re also experts in buying and selling other distinctive lodging properties, including those in the boutique hotels and the emerging boutique motels marketplaces.  We are also brokers for buying and selling cottage and cabin rental properties.
Innkeeper Education
There’s much to learn about Innkeeping before you open a bed and breakfast. You can find a seminar for aspiring innkeepers to learn about starting a bed and breakfast almost every month of the year in locations around the country. And we invite you to read, learn, be inspired, and join the conversation at our blog or at our Facebook page.
We love to share what we’ve learned with our over 100 years of combined experience as innkeepers, brokers, and consultants. Your success is our passion and our mission. Looking for engaging speakers for your Innkeeping conference? Check us out.
We look forward to working with you.
Peter Scherman
Founding Member of The B&B Team, Inn Consultants and Brokers
Looking to Buy an Inn?
OR select a region to see what’s available.
What's New?

Keep on top of the latest trends, information, and happenings. Join the conversation.
Ready to Sell?

We'll help you position your inn to sell by assessing it today and helping you grow it for tomorrow's sale.
Seminars and Events

Starting a bed and breakfast? Looking for speakers? Check our calendar for places to learn about innkeeping.
New Listings

View our listings posted in the last 30 days.
From Our Blog
Public Hotel-Learn From Success 07/31/2017: Ian Schrager, hotelier and former Studio 54 nightclub impresario, you may recognize the name, is...
Virginia is for Lovers –All of them! 07/24/2017:   This tourism and travel slogan may be one of the most recognized and successful advert...
Passion Branding Your B&B-Are You Doing This? 07/17/2017: In our ‘Better Way to Learn Innkeeping’ seminars for aspiring innkeepers we talk about brand...
Declaration of Independence-Typeset Print 07/04/2017: 241 years ago today, July 4th, just after the Declaration of Independence had been adopted by ...
The B&B Team®
Inn Consultants and Brokers Since 1993
Email: bbteam@bbteam.com
Contact Us
Privacy Policy | Legal Disclosures | Back to top ↑
Copyright © 2001-2017 The B&B Team, Inc. All rights reserved.
Some offices independently owned and operated.
"The B&B Team" and the pineapple logo are registered trademarks of The B&B Team, Inc.
Sitemap | Disclosures | Log in | Website by InsideOut Solutions
»