Search
Home
About Us
Clinical Services
Education
Research
Online Store
News
Events
Support Us
Find Spiritual Comfort
1
2
3
4
5
Previous
Next
Clinical Services
Serving patients, family and health care institutions on site or remotely.
Learn More
    Education
Offering a wide selection of training, programming and resources for professional continuing education and clinical pastoral education.
Learn More
  Research
Advancing research on the integration of spiritual care in health care.
Learn More
    Annual Conference
  Save the date for the 5th Annual Caring for the Human Spirit® Conference, April 23-25, 2018, Sheraton New Orleans.
Magazine
Hot off the press: Spring / Summer 2017 Issue
Read the semi-annual magazine for multiple disciplines– Caring for the Human Spirit® – dedicated to advancing the integration of spiritual care in health care.
Learn More
The Chaplain Connection®
Be empowered through this new online membership community. Learn More
    Online Store
Explore educational and clinical resources for today's spiritual care provider, including PlainViews, the monthly online professional journal
Learn More
  4 Online Resources for Spiritual & Emotional Comfort
Spiritual and emotional support for everyone – whoever you are, whatever you believe, wherever you are.
If you or your loved one has or has had cancer, this is for you. You are not alone.
For military veterans, those currently serving, family, and friends. We are with you.
If you represent a health care institution, you can cost-effectively extend the reach of your spiritual care coverage by licensing this website and branding it with your institution’s name and logo. Learn more here.
Request Free, Confidential Chat with a Professional Soul Care Counselor
  Subscription expired
RSSbox powered by rssinclude.com
News
Patient - Centered Care News July 2017
UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL ENTERS IN CLINICAL PARTNERSHIP TO ENHANCE ITS CHAPLAINCY DEPARTMENT
Patient - Centered Care News June 2017
Learn More
Provided by
+ Home
+ About Us
+ Clinical Services
+ Education
+ Research
+ Online Store
+ News
+ Events
+ Donate Now
+ Find Spiritual Comfort
+ Contact Us
+ Employment Opportunities
+ Oral History
+ Intranet
We help people and families facing illness and suffering find spiritual comfort and meaning.  We provide clinical pastoral education, continuing professional education and research on the effectiveness of chaplaincy care.
65 Broadway, 12th Floor
New York, NY 10006-2503
Phone: (212) 644-1111
comm@healthcarechaplaincy.org
Privacy Statement | © HealthCare Chaplaincy Network™ 2017