(631) 583-8870 • 168 Cottage Walk • Ocean Beach, NY 11770-0431
Palms Hotel on Fire Island
Navigation
The Palms Hotel
The Palms is a boutique hotel in Ocean Beach on Fire Island which offers luxurious accommodations in a relaxed and inviting atmosphere. Unlike typical hotels on Fire Island, the Palms distinguishes itself as having the finest amenities with the highest standard of customer service. The Palms prides itself as going a step beyond the expected. Every room is equipped with a flat screen TV, satellite access, Wi-Fi, iPod Docking Stations, a refrigerator, and luxurious Egyptian cotton sheets for your comfort. Please take a chance to view all amenities. Choose from a four bedroom Cottage with a full kitchen (includes living room and two bathrooms), a three bedroom suite, a two bedroom mini suite, a one bedroom suite, a mini suite, or a standard room. Depending upon your specifications, we can accommodate you. We are the only hotel on Ocean Beach to offer central air conditioning. Guests enjoy the use of our bicycles, wagons, beach chairs and umbrellas. Allow our staff to cater to your needs. We will gladly make restaurant reservations, and provide you with a calendar of upcoming events on the island. View all of our rooms or take a virtual tour. Want to know how to get here? Check out Fire Island Ferries and our contact page.
Out of respect to all of our guests, The Palms has a No Pets Allowed policy
Book Online Reservations
Sign up to receive special offers!
Get special offers, interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.
Email Address
First Name
SIGN UP
By submitting this form, you are granting: The Palms Hotel, 168 Cottage Walk, Ocean Beach, New York, 11770, United States, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
YOUR CHOICE…
The Palms Hotel
Rooms & Suites
The Palms Bay
Efficiencies & Suites
The Palms Bay East
Bay Front Suit
The Palms Cottages
Luxury Cottages
The Palms Bungalows
All King Rooms
The Penthouse Suite
Lavish Accomodations
GET IN TOUCH
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message
The Palms Hotel Fire Island
CJ’s Restaurant & Bar
HOME
VIRTUAL TOUR
RATES & RESERVATIONS
AMENITIES
PRIVATE EVENTS
CJ’S RESTAURANT & BAR
PRESS
CONTACT
©2017 The Palms Hotel Fire Island
Designed by PALILA STUDIO
Toggle the Widgetbar