Jump to navigation
Looking for a specific degree?
 Undergraduate Programs
     All Undergraduate Majors   
     Adventure-Based Environmental Education   
     Adventure Therapy   
     Art and Environment   
     Biology   
     Captive Wildlife Care and Education   
     Conservation Law Enforcement   
     Earth and Environmental Science   
     Environmental Policy, Law, and Society   
     Environmental Writing and Media Studies   
     Marine Biology   
     Parks and Forest Resources   
     Secondary Education   
     Sustainable Agriculture   
     Sustainable Business Enterprise   
     Sustainable Energy Management   
     Wildlife Biology   
     Wildlife and Fisheries Management   
     Environmental Science   
     Liberal Studies   
     Undecided / Pathfinders   
Undergraduate Programs
 Graduate Programs 
     All Graduate Degrees   
     Conservation Law Enforcement   
     Sustainable Natural Resource Management   
     Sustainability Science   
     Environmental GIScience   
     Sustainable MBA   
     Certificate in Sustainability   
     Certificate in GIScience   
Graduate Programs
DISCOVER UNITY
At Unity College, we’re giving students the tools to become environmental professionals. We’re focused on the imperative of sustainability science—in the classroom and in the real world. Unity provides students with an exceptional education that meets the demands of an earth and an economy in crisis. We are America's Environmental College. 
Our emphasis on experiential learning is rooted in a framework of sustainability science. No matter what your major, you’ll learn to consider all of the angles through our transdisciplinary approach to education. At our college of environmental science, we pride ourselves on turning our students into the problem solvers of tomorrow.
Middle of everywhere
Unity, Maine is in the middle of 
everywhere; ideal for environmental,
experiential learning. Also offering
Graduate degrees online.
Sustainability Framework
Unity College is the first college in 
the nation to base its curriculum on 
a framework of sustainability science.
Accreditation
Unity College accredited by
the New England Association
of Schools and Colleges.
First to divest
Unity College was the first college in
 the nation to divest from fossil fuels.
Environmental Focus
We offer
environmentally-focused undergraduate majors,
online graduate degrees, and certificates.
Small Classes
Small class size (21), and excellent
student/teacher ratio (15:1) means
more personalized support.
Passive and Net Zero Facilities
Eco-friendly buildings include
TerraHaus, the first passive solar
residence hall in the nation,
now home to Student Affairs.
Green Jobs
92% of graduates who responded
to a recent survey
are either in graduate school
or employed full time, many 
working in green industries.
Affordable Tuition
Unity College’s tuition rates are 18%
below national average.
We are growing!
With record enrollment, Unity College has built a new academic building and three new residence halls, and now offers graduate degrees and certificates online.
EXPLORE UNITY
We are revolutionary. Unity College educates visionary leaders, problem solvers, and stewards of the earth. We teach Sustainability Science. It’s about understanding the complexity of interactions among economy, society, and nature to develop concrete solutions to the problems threatening the very survival of humanity. With 17 environmentally focused majors, our liberal arts curriculum is built upon a unique framework of sustainability science—the first of its kind in the nation.
 

Ten Reasons
Why Choose Unity?
Looking for reasons to attend Unity College? Here are ten...
maine
Our Unique Location
Unity sits in the middle of three climate zones
Areas of Study
Over 20 diverse and exciting areas of study—all grounded in the liberal arts, sustainability science, and the environment.
Paying for College
Tuition and Financial Aid
A college education is expensive. We want you to realize your dreams. 
Video
Unity is Different
A short video about Unity College.
Video
On Sustainability
Dr. Melik Peter Khoury, President
CONTACT US LIBRARY WORK AT UNITY MAPS AND DIRECTIONS
Linkedin Facebook Twitter Flickr Youtube Google+ Pinterest
UNITY COLLEGE, 90 QUAKER HILL ROAD, UNITY, MAINE 04988 | © UNITY COLLEGE 2014.
AMERICA'S ENVIRONMENTAL COLLEGE IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF UNITY COLLEGE.