NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF ROCKETRY
IN FEATURED
Find a Local Club
IN FEATURED
Sport Rocketry Magazine

  Welcome to the National Association of Rocketry!
T
he NAR is all about having fun and learning more with and about sport rockets. We are the oldest and largest sport rocketry organization in the world. Since 1957, over 100,000 serious sport rocket modelers have joined the NAR to take advantage of the fun and excitement of organized rocketry. Read our organizational statement to see more about who we are and what we do.
Attend NAR National Events
NARCON 2017 – February 24th-26th, Chantilly, Virginia
NSL 2017 – May 27-29th, Alamogordo, New Mexico
Rocketry Festival 2017 & NARAM-59 – Muskegon, Michigan
Read Sport Rocketry Magazine!
Sport Rocketry is a bi-monthly magazine jam-packed with building tips, plans, product reviews, technical information, space science features, interviews, and reports on launches and other rocketry activities from all over the country! In alternate months, NAR members also receive theModel Rocketeer newsletter, which contains official Association notices and an up-to-the minute schedule of upcoming launches and activities! (Check our our free online sample issue!)
Visit NAR Organized Rocket Launches!
NAR members and Sections host hundreds of launches each year — both sport launches and competitions — from the local and regional levels to national events. Check out our Online Launch Windows calendar listing some of the launches coming up in the next few months, in the United States and worldwide.
Connect With NAR Local Clubs!
When you get together with model rocket flyers in a NAR Section near you — participate in building sessions, launches, and more! Your sport rocket designing, building, and flying is always more fun when you have rocket flying friends joing you. If you’d like to have a club closer to you, we’ll even show you how to start a new one!
Liftoff With High-Power Rocketry!
Build bigger, climb higher and fly faster! As an adult NAR member, you can become qualified to purchase and use rocket motors more powerful than those allowed to be sold to the general public!
The National Rocketry Competition to Debut August 5th- Competition for All!
For the past 21 months, the Expanding Competition Subcommittee has retooled the U.S. Model Rocket Sporting Code (aka the Sporting Code) so that NAR competition will be significantly more accessible to the average member. The era of event and contest “weighting factors” which had become an arcane contest structure and disincentive to most NAR members to try competition, are now gone.
The new competition rulebook- SportingCode-2017, details a new approach to competition known as the National Rocketry Competition or NRC.  The NRC emphasizes eight core events powered with low cost motors. Duration events are: 1/4A – A Parachute, Streamer, Boost-Glider, and Helicopter Duration, and B – C Eggloft Duration. Altitude events (all use altimeters) are: 1/4A – A Altitude, B – C Eggloft Altitude, and A – B Payload Altitude.
One important element of the NRC is that each contest year, six events are chosen from these eight aforementioned events (see the new Sporting Code) and these events are announced at the start of a new contest year, July 1. Competition flyers can begin flying the events as part of the NRC the day after NARAM ends, which is August 5th this year.
In a nutshell, the National Rocketry Competition emphasizes:
Flying the six selected events (below) as often as you want
The ability to fly the events with as few as two NAR members; one of which needs to be 18 yrs of age or older.
The use of ‘core’ competition events that are simple and low cost to build
The use of readily available and low cost motors
The ability to compare your performance against people in your competition division, in any of the six events, using a ‘real-time’ online Scoreboard.
The opportunity to go to NARAM where everyone starts with ZERO points and can fly for a National Championship or individual recognition depending on your pre-NARAM Scoreboard performance and competition interests (again, it’s all in the new Sporting Code)
The events for the 2017-18, inaugural NRC Year are:
C Eggloft Altitude – Altimeter
A Payload Altitude – Altimeter
A Helicopter Duration
A Streamer Duration
1/2A Parachute Duration
1/2A Boost Glider Duration
Go to our contest flying pages for lots of resources. Check out the NAR’s online contest calendar to find a rocket competition near you.
Competition Rocketry is Fun! Competition Rocketry is for everyone! Fly the National Rocketry Competition!
Learn New Rocket Techniques with NARTREK!
When you join the NARTREK (National Association of Rocketry Training Rocketeers for Experience and Knowledge) program, you fly increasingly complex rockets through three levels. As each level is finished, you receive an Achievement Certificate and a jacket patch certifying your accomplishment. You are under no time limit. You progress at your own pace. You can even “try it before you buy it” by downloading the NARTREK Bronze level packet now, and following the instructions on the first page!
Launch Student Learning with NAR Educational Materials!
If you’re a teacher, the NAR can help you engage and energize your students with our educational
resources and 50+ years of model rocket expertise. Go to our Educator’s page for free downloads of rocket plans, lesson guides and grant applications. To subscribe to our bi-monthly NAR Educators e-Newsletter full of ideas and announcements, simply fill out the short survey and contact information form. We’ll be happy to put you on the mailing list.
Connect with Other NAR Members!
NAR has a moderated Facebook page.
Coming back to the hobby after some time away? Check out the Old-timers special interest group;
Scale modelers can try the scale rocketry special interest group;
International competitors can subscribe to the US Rocketry Team listserv.
Explore These Additional NAR Resources!
Recent changes to the NAR website
Make NAR Technical Services (NARTS) your personal source of rocket plans, scale data and photos, technical reports and more!
Find a complete list of NAR-Certified rocket motors.
Interested in attending or flying rocketry contests?
Read the most recent message from the NAR President.
Read past issues of the eRocketeer.
Want to purchase back issues of Sport Rocketry magazine?
Need to report a malfunctioning rocket motor?
Become a trained safety officer.
Try to beat our current national rocketry records.
Not a US Resident? Search for National Rocketry Organizations Outside the US.
Join Today!
All these exciting activities and benefits can be yours…
..as soon as you become a member of the National Association of Rocketry!
  Rocket News
September 2016 eRocketeer – Number 100!
IN ELECTRONIC ROCKETEER · NEWS
— 16 OCT, 2016
The September 2016 eRocketeer has been posted.  This month we feature a new presidential portrait, expanded coverage about our 2017 National Events, some pad safety tips, and thoughts on competition flying. There is a mention about ARLISS, your NAR president visited Black Rock desert for the first time and helped with this long-term student project launch. TARC 2017 registrations are up and running. Help us make the 15th anniversary a special year for TARC. We are still asking for comments on proposed rule changes for contest flying. See my post that is an attempt by John Hochheimer to provide an elevator speech on contest flying and the proposed changes. For the complete September 2016 eRocketeer, click here.
Read more
August 2016 eRocketeer
IN NEWS
— 3 SEP, 2016
The August 2016 electronic Rocketeer has been posted. This month we highlight Team USA results from the 2016 World Championships for Space Models, held in Lviv, Ukraine. Also featured is the announcement for commenting on the proposed new rules for competition rocketry. Read the post about how to submit your comments.  TARC 2017 is now open for teams to register and hopefully to begin practice flights. We always need mentors to help guide teams, as well as observers for certifying official flights.  If you are a returning mentor, thanks and if you are thinking about being a mentor, please do.  It is fun and so rewarding.  BTW, TARC is 15 this year.  Your president, for one, never dreamed that we would be going stronger than ever at 15.  For the complete August 2016 eRocketeer, click here.
Read more
New Competition Rules – Seeking Comments from NAR Membership
IN NEWS
— 1 SEP, 2016
On September 1, 2016, a draft of the new rule book for NAR competition will be available for members to download. Click this link to go to a page containing both PDF and HTML versions of the draft rule book.
The page containing these two downloads also presents a “Forum” through which NAR members will be able to input suggested changes to the draft rules. The Forum presents the rules in the order in which each section is presented in the draft rule book. So for example, if you wish to suggest a change to the rules regarding “Altitude Data,” you would post your suggestion to Section 14: Altitude Data on the Forum webpage.
The Forum is moderated. Because input to the Forum can be read by any NAR member, input that contains unacceptable speech may not be posted (viewable). Input must be suitable for our youngest members to read. Please focus your input on how to improve and/or clarify the draft rules- the ECS wants your input.
The membership will have until November 30, 2016 (90 days) to provide input via the Forum. On December 1, 2016, the Forum will no longer accept input and the ECS will begin the task of integrating member input into the draft rule book. A timeline proposed by the ECS has a final draft rule book going out to the Board for review prior to NARCON- 2017, with a final up/down vote at NARCON. If accepted, the new rule book will become effective for the 2017-2018 contest year and will determine the results of NARAM 60.
Read more
July 2016 Electronic Rocketeer
IN NEWS
— 7 AUG, 2016
NAR President John Hochheimer published his first E-Rocketeer.
View the July 2016 Electronic Rocketeer here.
Links to all of the past Electronic Rocketeers are here.
  Read more
Next Page »

SPORT ROCKETRY MAGAZINE
SIX 56 PAGE ISSUES A YEAR
FREE WITH NAR MEMBERSHIP TODAY

LOCAL ROCKETRY CLUBS
CONNECT WITH PROVEN ROCKETRY EXPERTS
FIND A CLUB TODAY

HIGH POWER ROCKET CERTIFICATION
DESIGN AND FLY HIGH POWER ROCKET VEHICLES
LEARN MORE

CONTACT NAR
Call NAR
(800) 262-4872
319-373-8910
P.O. Box 407
Marion, IA 52302
JOIN NAR
The best way to get more out of the exciting hobby of rocketry is to connect with other flyers. The National Association of Rocketry can get you connected to the cutting edge of the hobby so you can learn how to fly higher, faster, and better. As an NAR member you will get:
Access to launch sites through local NAR clubs
The bimonthly color magazine "Sport Rocketry"
Insurance coverage for your flights
Certification for high power rocket flying
Join Nar
LATEST NAR ROCKET NEWS
Find a Local Club March 19, 2017
Sport Rocketry Magazine March 19, 2017
NARAM 2017 March 18, 2017
September 2016 eRocketeer – Number 100! October 16, 2016
August 2016 eRocketeer September 3, 2016
New Competition Rules – Seeking Comments from NAR Membership September 1, 2016
© COPYRIGHT 2017 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF ROCKETRY | PRIVACY NOTICE