Your browser does not support inline frames
 Welcome to Olsen's Outdoor Power!
We have been serving customers for over 30 years!  We're proud to provide high quality equipment and service to customers in not only our area of western IA, but all around the mid west with both our Atlantic,IA location and our Carroll,IA location. Our large variety of products and product lines ensures we have what you are looking for! Along with a huge inventory of Polaris ATV and UTV's as well as generators, we also cater to the commercial contractor with the Polaris Brutus and GEM product lineup! Our large selection of BRP products include BRP parts and accessories,  Can Am ATV's and Side by Sides, Ski Doo, Sea Doo, and Spyder.  We are sure to have a machine as unique as you are! Looking for a golf cart?  Check out our complete line of EZGO products!
If you are in the market for any outdoor power equipment , we are your dealer for Dixie Chopper, Exmark, Cub Cadet, Toro, and Stihl.  We have many models in stock that are ready for work on your home, farm or as an addition to your commercial fleet. We carry OEM parts, accessories, apparel, ATVs, UTVs Golf Carts, Lawn Mowers,  Mopeds, Motorcycles, Outdoor Power Equipment, Scooters, Snow Blowers, Snowmobiles, Trailers, and Used Vehicles.
Olsen's Outdoor Power has a huge inventory of quality used vehicles for every person in the family! 
From heavy duty trucks to fuel efficient cars - WE HAVE THE RIGHT VEHICLE FOR YOU AT THE RIGHT PRICE!
 We neighbor many communities in both Iowa and Nebraska such as Audubon, Carroll, Creston, Clarinda, Shenandoah, Harlan, Denison, Des Moines, Waukee, West Des Moines, Urbandale, Ankeny, Johnston, Greenfield, Adair, Stuart, Anita, Walnut, Avoca, Missouri Valley, Council Bluffs, Omaha, Blair, Bellevue, Corning, Red Oak, Fremont, Sioux City, Ames, Osceola, Guthrie Center, Manning, Woodbine, Panora,  and  Perry.
Your browser does not support inline frames
We carry a huge selection of BRP parts and accessories. Call or visit one of our locations today!

 
                  There are currently no upcoming events scheduled. Please check back later!
Calendar View
Privacy Statement | Terms Of Use