Share Your World
Become A Host Family
Join the thousands of families who have welcomed students into their home.
APPLY TO HOST
WHO WE ARE
International Student Exchange is a non-profit high school exchange program committed to bringing the people of the world together while fostering international peace through local action. Our programs have been enriching lives since 1982, and we take great pride in providing only the highest-quality service to our students, families, schools, and local communities.
OUR MISSION
WHAT WE DO
International Student Exchange connects thousands of exchange students with loving host families across the world each year.
GET INVOLVED
Join International Student Exchange and help us highlight the increasing importance and lasting value of cultural understanding and tolerance worldwide.
BECOME A HOST FAMILY
BECOME A REP
BECOME A HOST FAMILY
WHY HOST A STUDENT?
Being an Exchange Student Host Family can bring a new perspective to your life. Having someone from another country stay in your home can be a real eye-opener for kids and parents alike. Suddenly you will become more aware of your community and surroundings as your introduce it to somebody that have never experienced it. You plant the seeds of international friendship that continue to blossom and spread, year after year. 
APPLY TO HOST
CHANGE THE WORLD
ONE FAMILY AT A TIME
These volunteer-minded individuals help recruit host families in their communities and provide support and guidance throughout the year. As an AR, you enable the people in your community to make friends from all over the world while changing the lives of our students forever. Each and every representative has the power to make a lasting, positive influence in their communities, whether you recruit one family or one hundred.
BECOME A REP
BECOME AN AREA REP
MEET OUR STUDENTS!
Students who participate in our program are 15-17 years old and come from all over the world. Participants are carefully screened and selected based on their academic achievements, extracurricular interests, positive demeanor, and eagerness to experience new culture.
MEET OUR STUDENTS
MARIE’S JOURNEY
We followed one of our exchange students for an entire semester. She played sports, went to her homecoming, made friends . . . and most importantly, she became a family member.
Watch the video and see what it’s like to host an exchange student.
Contact Us To Get Started!
There is no better time to become a host family or an area rep! Contact us today to learn more about our great opportunities.
CONTACT US
About ISE
International Student Exchange is a non-profit high school exchange program committed to bringing the people of the world together while fostering international peace through local action. Our programs have been enriching lives since 1982, and we take great pride in providing only the highest-quality service to our students, families, schools, and local communities.
EXITS Staff Login
LOGIN
EXITS Host Login
LOGIN
International Student Exchange
36 Park Avenue, Bay Shore, NY 11706
800.766.4656
contact@iseusa.org
Home
About
Host A Student
Become An Area Rep
Study Abroad
Student Life
Contact Us
© 2017 International Student Exchange