Skip to main content
Log in/Register
Open Tuesday - Saturday 10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Sunday 12:00 - 5:00 p.m. Closed Mondays.
The EcoTarium is a family-friendly, indoor-outdoor museum located in Worcester, Massachusetts. We offer three floors of interactive exhibits, exciting shows in the digital planetarium, daily Science Discovery programs, live animal habitats, hikes through forest and meadow nature trails, outdoor imaginative play, and a train ride around the grounds (seasonal).
Solar Science Celebration: 2017 Eclipse
Monday, August 21, 2017 | 12:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
Celebrate the 2017 solar eclipse EcoTarium-style! From "Solar Science Discovery" programs and planetarium demonstrations to opportunities to safely view the partial eclipse (weather dependent), we’ll make learning about the science of eclipses interactive and fun. 
You're Invited to an Otter Baby Shower!
Join our Wildlife Team at 1:30 p.m. on Sunday, August 27, 2017, as we celebrate the museum's newest Animal Ambassador - a baby otter! This little girl is currently behind-the-scenes at the museum, preparing for her big debute. Be among the first to meet her as she plays with her big brother, Slydell in the otter habitat.
Did Dinosaurs Poop?
Now Open
Take a digestion journey! Travel as dinosaur "food" from tooth to tush and discover how poop can become a fossil. And, take on the role of paleontologist to uncover fossils at a "dig site," examine them, and figure out where - and when! - they came from. This exhibit offers bright graphics, hands-on interactives, touchable fossil casts, and purposeful play.

This exhibition is a traveling exhibition of the Paleontological Research Institution. Presented Locally By: UniBank
(link is external)
, baystateparent
(link is external)
, and the Worcester Bravehearts
(link is external)
.
Flying Monsters
New Planetarium Show! Now Open
Two hundred twenty million years ago, dinosaurs were beginning their domination of the Earth. But another group of reptiles was about to make an extraordinary leap: Pterosaurs were taking control of the skies and the story of how and why these mysterious creatures took to the air is more fantastic than fiction. In Flying Monsters, Sir David Attenborough, the world’s leading naturalist, sets out to uncover the truth about the enigmatic pterosaurs, whose wingspans of more than 40 feet were equal to that of a modern jet plane.
City Science: The Science You Live
Now Open!
Discover the hidden science stories all around us at the EcoTarium’s newest, hands-on interactive exhibit, City Science. Located on the middle level of the museum, this immersive exploration of the modern city allows visitors to investigate the science we encounter every day but rarely stop to consider.
The Third Century Plan Campaign
Inspiring a Passion for Science and Nature
The EcoTarium is pleased to announce the launch of the second phase of our Third Century Plan to further enhance our visitor learning experience and truly inspire a passion for science and nature at a community and national level.
Check out all our upcoming events and programs on our calendar.
Join the EcoTarium! Support the museum and receive great benefits. Become a member today!
Science and Nature Exhibits
Planetarium
Animals
Outdoor Explorations
Plan Your Visit
Events and Activities
Field Trips and Education
Parties and Private Events
Membership
Get Involved
About Us
Donate to EcoTarium
Sign up for E-News updates with your e-mail address:
Follow Us
Search form
Search
Calendar of Events Job Opportunities
EcoTarium, 222 Harrington Way, Worcester, MA 01604
508.929.2700 | Fax: 508.929.2701 | info@ecotarium.org
(link sends e-mail)

Copyright ©2017, EcoTarium