Welcome to Steel City Endurance
Steel City Endurance Coaching – Pittsburgh’s oldest and most experienced training resource for triathletes, swimmers, cyclists & runners. We offer Online coaching for triathletes, runners, swimmers & cyclists as well as one-on-one skills, nutritional education and physiologic testing to enhance performance.
12
Our Athletes are on the on the Podium!
We provide coaching & training  for  triathletes, bicyclists, runners & swimmers.  Five successful endurance coaches … one way to get results…YOUR needs come first, we help you get there.
Well, another amazing weekend of racing in the books. Finally made it on the overall podium at USAT Olympic Distance Triathlon Nationals, racing it out with the best of the best. Honored to even toe the line with these athletes. Day 2 (the sprint) was tough, really felt Saturday’s efforts, but gave it all I had. Suzanne Atkinson, thanks for guiding the way and being an amazing coach. She somehow manages to balance her work, personal life, and coach – I don’t know how. Through injury and illness, podiums and ‘I was just thankful to make it to the finish’, we have been through a lot the past few years. Thank you for your constant encouragement, helping me keep my life balanced, and always supporting whatever crazy race schedules I dream up. And my wonderful family support – I would not be here without you!!!!! Thanks to all who cheered, hoped, and believed – you keep me going.
Kirsten Sass
2015 Overall National & World Champion Olympic Distance Triathlon
Our Coaching system has produced Triathlon World Champions, Triathlon & Swimming National Champions, Cycling State Champions, and Swimming World Record holders. We don’t only work with elite athletes…we work with any athlete seeking continuous incremental improvement without injury, identifying weaknesses in order to structure effective training. Our coaches and athletes practice mastery in motion which leads to better fitness, endurance and speed. Founder Suzanne Atkinson, MD is a lifelong athlete with a background in experiential education, exercise physiology and medicine. She continuously seeks out training and input from the best endurance coaches in order help you apply the right type of training and skills for your goals. Every coach on our staff has been either coached by Coach Suzanne as an athlete, or mentored in their coaching skills & knowledge. Each coach strengthens our team by bringing their own skills & experience to Steel City Endurance athletes.
Request a Coaching Call
Book Lessons Now
Most Recent Articles
Finding your Blind Spots – Improving your Triathlon in the Offseason
2016 Age Group National Championships, Omaha, NE
Want to Swim Like an Olympian? Then Avoid the “Crossover Effect”
Testing My Limits at the Duathlon National Championships
What I learned about Swimming from Muhammed Ali
Free Newsletter
Regularly sent direct to your inbox to help improve your performance and keep you informed about training and activities.
Your Email Address:
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
//google analytics