Private Label Cosmetics and Skin Care Since 1965 Custom Formulation and Contract Manufacturer
Buy Made In America
Contact Us
Phone: 1-800-826-8287
SEARCH
AUDREY MORRIS
Toggle navigation
123456
Private Label Cosmetics and Skin Care Contract Manufacturer
DISCOUNT
BUSINESS STARTER PACKAGES
READ MORE
NEW ADDITIONS
Read More
GUIDE TO PRIVATE LABEL
READ MORE
CUSTOM MANUFACTURING
READ MORE
SKIN CARE
READ MORE
At Audrey Morris Private Label Cosmetics and skin Care, our primary focus is our number one commitment: to provide our clients with a one-stop shop that delivers opportunities for your brand name products to be in the spotlight for brand recognition, excellent profit margins, and customer loyalty. Through private label products, we enable our customers with the freedom needed to launch their own cosmetic or skin care line.

For over the past 50 years, Audrey Morris Cosmetics International has succeeded in becoming a leading manufacturer and provider of premium cosmetics and skin care. Audrey Morris Cosmetics International manufactures and distributes a large collection of market ready skin care and color cosmetics, and has an international client base that varies from salon owners and dermatologists to beauty schools, multi-national brand names, and make-up artists to the stars and starlets of Hollywood.

Since its establishment, it has been the mission of the Audrey Morris team to provide its clients with the finest products, makeup, and packaging the beauty industry has to offer. From advanced skin care products and luxurious makeup, to velvet like foundations, powders, and pencils, Audrey Morris Cosmetics International offers its clients many options that can easily be combined with each client's marketing approach and plan. It is the combination of quality products, attention to detail and a unique approach to client support that sets Audrey Morris apart from other manufacturing companies.

Let Audrey Morris International bring your beauty business to the pinnacle of its potential with outstanding formulations, beautiful packaging and attractively priced skin care and color cosmetics. Call on our professional team of experts to guide and assist you in creating your own exclusive beauty brand. Let us put your name or logo on our cosmetics and skin care products. If you have ever wanted to see your name emblazoned on your own line of products the time to start is now!

Through the selling of your own cosmetics or skin care line in your beauty salon, boutique or store can promote its own products while spreading awareness of its brand. White label services help you solidify brand identity and get into the business market quickly without having to spend a fortune on startup, R&D, FDA approval, and inventory costs. Simple private label solutions get you to product launch within weeks, not years. We are there with you every step of the way to ensure the products you order - from a single mineral compact to a full cosmetics kit - meet or exceed your demands.

Contact
Audrey Morris Cosmetics International.
1501 Green Road Ste. J
Pompano Beach, FL 33064
Phone: 954-332-2000
Toll Free: 800-826-8287
Fax: 954-332-2001
amc@audreymorriscosmetics.com
Quick Links
Cosmetics Tips
Graphics
Policies
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Wishlist
Login
Select Language▼

Cruelty Free

Copyright © 2014 Audrey Morris Cosmetics International. All rights reserved