Take Charge of Your Safety
“What I learned in Kidpower saved my life!”
— a Fullpower adult student
 
“Kidpower gives me peace of mind!”
— a parent
 
“It was fun!” — a kid
Learn More
Every Dollar Does Wonders!
Learn about Kidpower’s Resources and Curriculum for Schools
Safety for Adults, Teens & Kids
Empower, Don't Scare!
Protect your family, school, organization, neighborhood, and workplace from bullying, harassment, sexual abuse, abduction, assault, and other violence with Kidpower’s exceptional curriculum and teaching methods.
Provide Bullying Solutions In Person and Online
Stop Child Abuse
Stay Safe from Violence and Kidnapping
Create Safer Schools
Take Action for Child Protection
Stop Domestic and Dating Violence
Training for All Ages & Abilities
Which Program is Right for You?
Learn how to use and teach skills for lifelong safety and confidence through our workshops, staff trainings, coaching, conference presentations, and professional development programs.
Interpersonal Safety Workshops For Families, Schools, and Organizations
Self-Defense Workshops for Children, Teens, and Adults
Safety for People with Special Needs
Skills to Stop Prejudice-based Violence
Professional Development
Workplace Safety and Teamwork
Our district has been very excited to discover and experience the philosophy, depth, adaptability, and practicality of Kidpower’s training and educational materials. The Kidpower curriculum empowers students, parents, and teachers by using a strengths-based approach to create a culture of safety.
Kathy Marshall
Director of Curriculum & Instruction, Orinda Union School District
Online Library Membership
Join our Library! Choose from free and paid accounts to get access to 100s of articles, podcasts, videos and downloadable posters, handouts and more.
Login or Sign-up
Give the Gift of Safety!
Please support our nonprofit mission to bring life-saving training to children, teens, and adults who are most at risk.
Donate Now
Our affordable safety comics, teaching kits, handbooks, and manuals prepare readers to bring Kidpower’s “People Safety” knowledge and skills into their daily lives.
Browse Books
Upcoming Workshops
Featured Article:
Helping Children Regain Their Emotional Safety After a Tragedy
  Read Now






1234567
Why Choose Kidpower?
Evidenced-Based
Studies show that Kidpower Programs improve participant’s safety skills knowledge, using “best practices in victimization risk-reduction and prevention.” Check out the Research!
FUN - Not Scary!
Just talking about dangerous situations or hearing or seeing news about bad things that have happened increases anxiety and puts images into the heads of kids as well as sensitive adults that are emotionally unsafe. Practicing what to do and how to do it in ways that are fun and interesting increases both confidence and competence.
Global Adaptability and Cultural Competence
The Kidpower Method resonates around the world. Professionals and NGOs work with us to adapt the Kidpower system of teaching interpersonal safety skills for their cultures and to learn how to bring our program to bring greater safety to the communities and people they serve.
10 Languages and Growing!
Many of our resources are translated into Spanish – and a growing number are also translated into French, Vietnamese, Dutch, German, Swedish, Romanian, Arabic, and Hebrew – all translated by committed volunteers – contact us to help!
Comprehensive Curriculum
There are many options for learning how to use Kidpower’s exceptional interpersonal safety curriculum through our extensive online library, teaching books, partnerships, and training programs. We provide training and licensing for a wide range of schools and organizations.
Engaging, Cartoon-Illustrated Books, Lessons & Teaching Aids
Have fun introducing and teaching safety skills! Our books, lessons, posters, homework assignments, and other teaching aids offer step-by-step role plays and engaging cartoon stories to help adults present the ideas and encourage children to learn and practice vital safety skills in a way that’s fun and age-appropriate.
Inclusive & Respectful
We welcome people of any age, culture, religion, race, gender, political belief, nationality, sexual orientation or gender identity, marital status, any kind of disability, or level of income, who share our commitment to integrity and safety for everyone and who can join us in upholding our values. We provide programs tailored for people who face greater risks because of disabilities, mental health problems, or other life challenges, such as prejudice, homelessness, poverty, or being elderly.
Professional Development
Bring skills for lifelong safety and confidence to the important people in your life. We provide customized in-person and online training, as well as our Skills for Child Protection Advocates 3-day Institutes and Kidpower Core Program Trainings every year.
A Global Movement to Protect & Empower Youth
Join with us in promoting Child Protection Advocacy around the world – and special actions in September for International Child Protection Month!
I have seen first-hand the effectiveness of the Kidpower training in building community safety and in giving people effective skills for preventing domestic and relationship violence, abuse, and abduction. The training that Kidpower created for our officers was extremely useful in giving them more tools as ‘front-line’ social workers who are often needing to help people in crisis.
Manny Solano
Former Chief of Police, Watsonville Police Department and Head of San Jose Police Academy
Non-Profit Mission
Kidpower is a very diverse organization where people of many different political views, faiths, and cultures share a strong common vision: To work together to create cultures of caring, respect, and safety for everyone, everywhere. Our mission is to teach people of all ages and abilities how to use their power to stay safe, act wisely, and believe in themselves.
Resource Library Membership
Join our Library! Choose from free and paid memberships to get access to 100s of articles, podcasts, videos, and downloadable posters, handouts and more!
“People Safety” Skills for All Ages and Abilities
Since 1989, Kidpower has provided skills-based “People Safety” education and resources for children, teens, and adults of all abilities – to stop abuse, bullying, abduction, and other violence, while building skills for healthy relationships.
Learn More About Our People Safety Curriculum:
Bullying Prevention & Positive Peer Communication Skills
Safety in Public and with Strangers (Kidnapping & Assault Prevention)
Sexual Abuse Prevention
Child Protection Advocacy
Programs & Resources for Schools and Youth Organizations
See Kidpower in Action!
People Served Worldwide
US & Int'l Centers & Offices
Expenditures on Programs & Services
Worldwide Revenue (USD)
Subscribe to get Kidpower's latest Social Safety & Self Defense Skills tips, tools, and inspiration direct to your inbox!
SUBSCRIBE!
News/Media
Research | Evidence
Contact Us
Donate Now
Copyright © 1989-2017 Kidpower Teenpower Fullpower International, a 501(c)(3) charitable nonprofit.
All rights reserved. See our Permission to Use Requirements.
safety@kidpower.org  |  (800) 467-6997 (US)  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use
Child ProtectionBullying PreventionChild Abuse PreventionSchool ServicesLibraryRelationSafe BooksShirts+About Us
Share This