The World’s Toughest Bicycle Race!
Race Across America will not sell or share your email address.
Sign up for RAAM Newsletter & Email Updates
Sponsored By
Sign Up
2017 Live Tracking
2017 Leaderboard
Racer Login
Registration
Race Resources
Qualifying
Racers
Race Coverage
Store
For 36 years RAAM has been challenging ultracyclists from around the globe to push their physical and mental limits to the farthest reaches. Starting in Oceanside, under one of the longest piers in California, RAAM spans 3000 miles, climbs 175,000 feet, crosses 12 states and finishes at City Dock in Annapolis, Maryland, the east coast sailing mecca.
  The route travels west to east, traversing three major mountain ranges (Sierra, Rocky and Appalachian), crosses four of America’s longest rivers (Colorado, Mississippi, Missouri and Ohio) and the Great Plains.  Also, passing through such iconic American landmarks as the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts, Monument Valley, Great Plains and Gettysburg.
  Open to amateur and professional racers, in solo, 2-, 4- and 8-person relay teams, there is no other race in the world comparable to RAAM. The Race has become a global icon, having had over 35 countries represented. Not only has RAAM proved to be one of the most challenging races in the world, but has become a huge platform for racers to raise awareness and money for charities of their choice.  Racers have raised over $2 million per year over the past 5 years.
Becoming an official RAAM finisher means claiming ultra-racing’s most coveted jersey and medal…and, for the lucky few that win their race division, the prized USA plaque…and being among the elite family who call themselves RAAM Finishers.  RAAM will always sit at the pinnacle of ultra-racing accomplishments…don’t miss your opportunity to race to the top! Tailwinds.
            2018 Start Dates
RAAM Solo Start - Tuesday, June, 12, 2018
RAW Solo & Team Start - Tuesday, June 12, 2018
RAAM Team Start - Saturday, June, 16, 2018
Countdown Until
Solo Start
Team Start
RAAM PO Box 19590 Boulder, Colorado 80308
Race Across America will not sell or share your email address.
Sign up for RAAM Newsletter & Email Updates
Sign Up