www.missionrepair.com
About Us Repair Blog View Cart My Account Locations
Interested in our Apple 1:1 School Repair Program? Click here!
  1-844-459-0105


FULL-SERVICE REPAIRS
Deal of the Month!
iPod Repair
iPhone Repair
Smartphone Repair
iPad Repair
Tablet Repair
Mac Laptop Repair
PC Laptop Repair
Chromebook Repair
Mac Desktop Repair
Gaming Console Repair
HELPFUL LINKS
Walk-Ins Welcome
Nationwide Service
As Seen On. . .
Company Video Library
Super Bowl Commercials
Identify Your iPad per Apple
Identify Your iPod per Apple
Real Customer Testimonials
FAQ Help
Shipping Instructions
Warranty
Subscribe to our newsletter!





Are you a returning customer? Log in or register here.

iPad Repair, iPod Repair, iPhone Repair and Smart Phone Repair Services from the iDevice experts at Mission Repair.
prev
next
pause
prev
next
pause
prev
next
pause

iPod Repair
All Generations
iPhone Repair
All Generations
iPad Repair
All Generations
Gaming Repair
XBOX, PS3 & Wii
Smartphone Repair
Samsung, HTC, Motorola & More
Tablet Repair
Samsung, Kindle, HTC & More
PC Laptop Repair
Chromebooks, Dell, HP & More
Mac Laptop Repair
All Generations
Mac Desktop Repair
Mac Mini, iMac & Apple TV

Mission Repair is YOUR source for high-quality, first class premium computer repair, iPhone repairs, iPad repairs, iPod Repairs and mobile phone repairs. We specialize in fixing MacBook, PowerBook,Smartphone, iPod and iPad products. Looking for an iPod screen repair? What about an iPhone Screen Repair? We have you covered!

Benefits of using MissionRepair.com -
100% secure website
easy to navigate
our customer account system allows you to easily check the status of your order
make changes to your order
make repeat purchases
certified technicians
nationwide same-day repair services
Looking for an iPod, iPhone, MacBook, PowerBook, ChromeBook, HTC or Samsung Cell Phone, or Gaming System repair that is not listed? No Problem! Contact Us or call 844-459-0105 for a prompt response!

You'll find our staff to be knowledgeable, friendly and responsive.
You can ALWAYS get a live associate on the phone during normal business hours. We are in business to provide first class iPod, iPhone, MacBook, MacBook Pro, Kindle Fire and other computer, reader and smartphone repair services and upgrades.

Our service commitment to YOU, our customer, is our highest priority and comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. We strive to provide competitive pricing on all of our services. Find a better price on the Internet? Let us know about it!

From our satisfied customers:
Click here for more customer testimonials!
Thanks to Mission Repair for coming to my rescue again!

The first was over a month ago when I dropped my HTC Evo Shift and shattered the screen. Sprint wanted $600 for a new phone; the damage was too great to be fixed in house by them and the phone was without insurance. A referral from an iPhone carrying co-worker brought me to you and voila'! The phone was fixed!

Fast forward to three days ago when, upon sliding out my screen, it went dark. After bringing it back to Mission Repair, it was an easy fix and I wasn't charged for what turned out to be a cable adjustment!

Thanks so much and your business will come highly recommended if anyone else I know breaks anything! :-)
Thanks again, Denise


Hi, I normally don't give feedback unless I am extremely impressed. Well, I have to say that this has been the most pleasant experience EVER!

By my own stupidity, I cracked the screen on my iphone. I did a search on the internet and while there were MANY companies out there offering repair, I saw your site and did a little more research. I'm so glad I chose your company.

I sent my phone in on Monday and just received it in great working condition (today is Wednesday)!! You guys kept me informed of every little detail with the email updates. That is customer service! To be without my phone is a big sacrifice, so for you guys to fix it that quickly is amazing. I have many friends with iphones, so if their phone should ever meet the same fate mine did, you can bet I will definitely recommend Mission Repair!

Thanks so much!

A VERY happy customer,
Nancy L.







Built with Volusion.
Copyright © 2017  Mission Repair, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Apple, iPod, iBook, PowerBook, MacBook and Apple TV are trademarks of Apple, Inc. Mission Repair, Inc. is a Leading Independent Service Company and in no way affiliated with Apple, Inc.
About Us | Contact Us | Become an Affiliate | Government / Educational Orders | Operation:Education | Our Repair Blog | Privacy Policy
Warranty | Return Policy | Product Index | Category Index | Help | Terms of Use