Quote Cart







Commercial Playground Equipment for Schools and Communities
HIGH BACK BUCKET SEAT
Buy 6 Save $60
Now for kids 9 to 36 Months
Recommended Playground Swing Parts
IN-STOCK PLAYGROUNDS
SHIP IN 3-5 DAYS (avg.)
✓ 26 models available
✓ Each in 2 color schemes
Browse Commercial Play Structures
OUTDOOR MUSIC
Real sounds ♬ ... Real fun ☺
Shop Outdoor Musical Instruments
Commercial Playgrounds
Playground equipment built for public use.
Adult Outdoor Fitness Equipment
Offering adults a place to enjoy in the park.
Theme Play Systems
Find affordable tree house inspired playgrounds.
Grants & Stimulus Guide
Browse our national and local database of grants.
Commercial vs. Residential
What's the difference? Quite a bit actually.
Why PlaygroundEquipment.com
Why choose us? We have a few reasons.
Bigger Play for Every Kid
At PlaygroundEquipment.com, we continuously provide bigger, more fun play experiences to every kid through our high-quality commercial playground equipment. Our motto, “Big on Play … Low on Price,” guides us through our day-to-day functions and helps us focus on our goal of providing affordable, durable children’s playground equipment at low prices. You may ask, how do we do it?
We provide endless opportunities for fun and play to kids through our wide array of quality residential and commercial playground sets. Our commitment to quality ensures that kids get the most of their experience in every environment.
As an online playground equipment supplier, we partner with top-rated manufacturers to ensure that you get the best products available.
One of our goals is to make children happy through exciting and unique playgrounds built with our products. That is why we only use high-quality metal, plastic, recycled plastic, and wood for our kids’ playground equipment. All of our plastic outdoor play equipment for sale is made with standard UV inhibitors that increase the lifespan of the product and protect it from cracks and deterioration. Each of our playground structures is IPEMA-tested and meets all ASTM and CPSC standards to ensure that we offer only products that can stand the test of time!
Bigger Emphasis on Safety
Safety is a very important factor to consider when shopping for commercial playground equipment. It has always been our priority to adhere to the national standards for safety and quality set for home and school playground equipment by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). You can also rest assured knowing that each of our products intended for kids with special needs is compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act for a safe and accessible play environment.
Big Choices for Unlimited Fun
Our wide range of products is always adding new and innovative playground products, giving you nearly unlimited choices to build the perfect playground for your residential or commercial property. We have an exceptional team of industry experts available to assist you in choosing the product that is right for your space, regardless of the location, children’s play needs, and project budget.
At PlaygroundEquipment.com, we select only the most durable, safe, and competitively priced products from our suppliers. This ensures that our customers will have the best selection of commercial-grade equipment to choose from for constructing different kinds of playgrounds. Whether you want to build commercial, residential, or themed playground sets, we offer everything you need, including commercial playground slides, crawl tubes, swing sets, balance beams, merry-go-rounds, and climbers. Whether you want to purchase playground equipment for schools, day-care centers, or your backyard, you’ll find what you’re looking for here.
Want to have a play-ready, built-in playground? Browse our selection of children’s playground equipment and find play sets and themed playgrounds! We also carry park and site amenities that add safety and convenience for you and your children.
At PlaygroundEquipment.com, we offer quick shipping on in-stock playground units and make sure that your product gets delivered in excellent condition. We use several shipping methods, including freight (YRC, SAIA, Estes, and more) for larger items and UPS, FedEx, and USPS for smaller items. Rail is used for East-to-West-coast deliveries of bulk items such as rubber mulch. Let us know which shipping method you prefer and we’ll do what we can to get your order to you as soon as possible. Keep in mind, though, that shipping times can vary depending on the product, since some of our items are custom-made to order and can take two to four weeks to produce.
Big on Customer Satisfaction
When you buy playground equipment from PlaygroundEquipment.com, your satisfaction is our top priority. Don’t hesitate to send us any questions or concerns regarding your order. We’re also happy to answer any questions you may have about our products or about how to build the perfect playground. Our friendly team of certified playground safety inspectors will guide you through the entire ordering process. If you receive a defective product, we’ve got you covered with our warranty program: We guarantee 100% satisfaction. And we have reliable representatives across the country as well as in Canada and Mexico, so we’re here for you no matter where you are. We’d love to hear from you!
Get in touch with us through email, phone, or our live online chat today to request a catalog, get a free quote, or receive details about our products. We’re here to help.

Commercial Playground Equipment
Playground Accessories For Sale
Children's Commercial Play Equipment
Commercial Swing Set
Playground Musical Equipment
Playground Merry Go Rounds
Playground Systems
Playground Products
Spinning Wheel Playground
Recycled Plastic Bike Rack
Sand Diggers For Playgrounds
Tether Ball Game
Clevis Shackle
Sand Diggers For Disabled Children
Popular Pages
Playground Spring Riders
Single Post Swing
Swing Set Supplies
Tube Slides
Playground Teeter Totter
Playground Bridge
Blog & News
Solar Eclipses, and How to Watch Them
As some readers might know, there is a solar eclipse that is set to take place over North America...

A Beginner's Guide to Indian Food
photo by qasic (flickr)One of the perks of living in the United States is the availability of food...

The Secret Life of Trees
photo by Sheila in Moonducks (flickr)Trees are such basic and common things that we rarely give...

View all Blog & News
Products
In-Stock Play Systems
In-Stock Play Accessories
Commercial Playgrounds
Outdoor Fitness Equipment
Park & Site Amenities
Playground Borders
Playground Surfacing
Shade Structures

Brands
PlaygroundEquipment.com Products
View All Brands
Policies
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns

Contact Us
PlaygroundEquipment.com
1 Playground Drive
Greenfield, IN 46140
Toll Free 1-800-667-0097
International 1-317-747-0203
Fax 1-317-855-9247

Follow Us on Twitter
Become a Fan
Join Us
Follow Us on Youtube
Free Catalogs

Request a Printed Catalog
Full Product
Digital Catalog
Quick Ship
Digital Catalog
Copyright © 2011 - 2017 PlaygroundEquipment.com. All rights reserved. Sitemap