Toggle menu
Hiking Sticks and Hiking Poles
We offer an unbeatable selection of handmade hiking sticks. Our walking sticks for hiking are beautifully crafted by local artisans in Central Texas and are designed to increase your balance and mobility during your treks. Browse our great variety of hiking sticks online, or visit our shop in Waco, Texas.
Shop Now
1234
Watch Our Videos

— Warranty Registration — Register Your Product
Preserve a Legacy
Customize a handcrafted staff or cane for your hero in four easy steps.
For Men
Craftsman
Rustic
Canes
These products are made with some of our strongest woods, including hickory and ironwood. The lengths shown are typical for most men, but all our products can be made to order, matching the exact length and strength requirements for any individual.
For Ladies
Craftsman
Rustic
Canes
We choose lighter materials for these products, such as aromatic cedar, sweet gum, or bamboo. The lengths and handle shapes are typical for most women, but all our products can be made to order, matching the exact length and strength requirements for any individual.
Walking Sticks, Walking Canes and Hiking Sticks
Whether you're seeking a hiking staff for a wilderness trek or a walking stick to help improve your balance and mobility, you've come to the right place. Brazos offers the best walking and hiking sticks. Our wooden walking sticks are handcrafted in Texas from the highest quality native and exotic trees. Crafted from beautiful and durable materials, a wooden walking stick, walking cane, or hiking staff from Brazos will last you for many years to come. Shop today to find the perfect walking stick for yourself or a loved one.
Customization
Customization
Tips
Medallions
Cases
Displays
Featured Products
Backpacker Oak Walking Stick
Traveler's Walking Stick 55"
Previous
Next
Service
Shipping
Returns
My Account
View Cart
Wish List
Open an Account
E-Gift Certificates
Sitemap
Shop Brazos
Walking Sticks
Canes
Accessories
Other Products
(800) 581-4352
M-F 8:30am - 5:30pm. CST
6408 Gholson Rd. • Waco, TX 76705
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Testimonials
Blog
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Payment
Warranty Registration
Register Your Product
Newsletter
Email Address
Sign-up for our mailing list and get 10% off of your first order.
© 2017 Brazos Walking Sticks