Menu
800-482-2321
Home
Garage Door Openers
GARAGE DOOR OPENERS
Here at "A Click Away Remotes" it is our privilege to serve you as your one stop shop for garage door openers, remotes, parts, operators, and other home improvement products. We provide a large selection from brand names such as Genie, Liftmaster, Stanley, Multicode, Allstar, Carper, Skylink, and Sears Craftsman. We offer an extensive line of remotes and clickers for your home, business, or gated community.
We Offer Brands Like:
Previous
Next
Featured garage door openers, remotes, and replacement parts.
Multicode 3089
$29.99 $13.50
ADD TO CART
Genie GM3T-BX 3 button dip switch and intellicode
$35.00 $25.00
ADD TO CART
Genie G1T BX one button intellicode remote 315mhz 390mhz
$39.95 $25.00
ADD TO CART
Liftmaster 371LM garage door opener 315mhz
$39.99 $20.00
ADD TO CART
Garage door opener
A Click Away Remotes strives to carry a plethora of various garage door openers, garage door parts, gate openers, gate operator parts, and access control openers and systems. We continually try to price match with all of our brands. In the event that we do not offer your particular remote, please call us and we will find a suitable replacement model. We carry OEM parts and replacements including remote transmitters, receivers, openers and accessories.
Our site is designed to help you find the manufacturer's instructions and manuals listed with most of the garage remotes and other products. If you don't see the item you're in search of, don't hesitate to call us or email us with your questions no matter how complex or superfluous. If you are looking for specialty items or volume discounting we can do that right over the phone for you as well.
We offer highly competitive prices on our internet site. When it comes to professional commercial and residential parts, operators, receivers, or other products, we work hard to make sure you get the right garage door remote the first time. For large volume discounts or for free technical help, please call our 1-800 number at the top of our page and we will be happy to service your home improvement needs here at A Click Away Remotes. We are committed to the customer the whole way through to ensure your needs are not just met, but surpassed.
Remember, you can use the search feature on our site to quickly find your clicker or a compatible model opener for your current needs. Be sure to use our sophisticated yet easy to comprehend compatibility charts to reference your older model number so you can update that old transmitter. Be sure to come back and visit us time and time again to get great prices and extraordinary service that you desire for your home improvement or garage upgrade needs.The two largest brand name garage door operators and motors we carry are Genie garage door opener and Liftmaster garage door opener motors, they can be found here. For more information or for generalities, you can visit their sites directly if you cannot find the most pertinent and direct information here.
As we continue to add relevant repair guide information and parts, please let us know if there is something missing that you need help with. There are so many topics to cover that we continue to add them as we hear repeat questions that need answering. We took the initiative to add a section dedicated to replacement parts and reprogramming my clicker since it was the number one asked question that came up. A simple yet effective guide has been added as well that should work on any brand name that you might have. Here you will find the entire garage door opener catalog of products we carry. Tools and replacement parts can always be found in the help section or the pdf manuals page. We added a lot of new and up to date garage guides to help you troubleshoot most electronic or signal problems when installing conversion kits and other garage parts.
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
for special offers!
CONTACT US
800-482-2321
support@aclickawayremotes.com
ACCOUNTS & ORDERS
My Account
Order Status
Sign in or Create an account
QUICK LINKS
Home
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Order Status
sitemap
Shipping & Returns
CONNECT WITH US:
Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Pinterest LinkedIn RSS