12345678910111213141516
Welcome to 4seating.com, The place for HOME THEATER SEATING! We have the largest selection of in-stock and ready-to-ship home theater seating and home theater furniture available! We offer theater seating and design solutions for both the casual and professional home theater enthusiast. Call us on our toll free line 1-800-407-8665 with any questions. We also have a complete line of custom home theater decor available.
Browse 30+ Theater Seat Styles




HOME THEATER SEATING


















The Seatcraft Venetian home theater seating is fully loaded with great features! This media room chair comes complete with lighted cupholders and base, free tray tables, and hidden in-arm storage. This is one of our best selling home theater seats!
The Barcalounger Matrix includes a Adjustable Powered Headrest that will pt your head in the best viewing angle for any movie. This chair is constructed with a memory cool gel that keeps its material cool. Memory foam cushioning snugly contours to your natural body shape.
The stylish Seatcraft Seville home theater seats provide a new dimension of comfort. These chairs are constructed with leather gel, which was designed to replicate the smooth texture, swank appearance and supremely soft feel of top grain leather, at an outstanding value.

Seatcraft Sterling Theater Seating
Polished Steel Accents | Tufted Backrest/Armrest
Barcalounger Columbia Theater Seats
Powered Headrest | Leather Gel
Barcalounger Eclipse Media Room Chair
Lighted Cupholders & Base | Leather Gel


Barcalounger Solaris Home Theater Seats
Powered Headrest | FREE Tray Tables
Seatcraft Sierra Home Theater Seating
Powered Headrests | USB Charging Station
Seatcraft Equinox Theater Seating
Powered Headrests | USB Charging Station


SEATCRAFT TIERED SEATING
The Seatcraft Tiered Home Theater Seating set-up eliminates the need for risers! Theses styles comes in a Front Row style, Back Row style, and the Standard style chair. The front row theater seat is shorter than the standard seat. The back row theater chair has been raised so that you do not need a riser to see over the middle row! Now you can get stadium style seating without the risers, or the additional cost!


POWERED BY SOUNDSHAKER
Home Theater Seating Powered by Soundshaker, a new revolution in home theater entertainment. This exciting piece of hi-tech wizardry will allow you to feel the screen action, without leaving the comfort of your seat! Immerse yourself in your favorite films like never before: you will not only see and hear, but live each moment as your chair vibrates to each car chase or explosion. A whole new dimension in cinema thrills awaits. Each chair comes equipped with the SoundShaker technology. *Amplifier sold separate


MULTIMEDIA SOFAS AND SECTIONALS
Seatcraft Madison Refreshment Console Sofa
Refreshment Consoles w/ Storage, Dry Bar Area, FREE Tray Table
Seatcraft Innovator Media Furniture
Drop-Down Tables w/ USB, Power


Seatcraft Niagara Sofa
Armless Chair w/ Fold-Down Tables | USB Charging Stations
Seatcraft Madison Theater Sectional
Storage Consoles w/ USB, Power


Lane Sigma Home Theater Sectional
Armless Chair w/ Fold-Down Tables | USB Charging Stations
Lane Omega Home Theater Sectional
Armless Chair w/ Fold-Down Tables | USB Charging Stations


MOVIE THEATER CHAIRS

Seatcraft Mirage Movie Theater Seating
Cupholders in Each Arm | Armrests Flip-Up | Self-Rising Seat Area
Seatcraft Vanguard Movie Theater Chairs
Cupholders in Each Arm | Armrests Flip-Up | Self-Rising Seat Area


HOME THEATER DECOR
Acoustical Wall Paneling
Starting at $129.00 per Panel
Home Theater Wall Accents
Starting at $44.00 per Accent
Home Theater Columns
Starting at $299.00 per Column
Fiber Optic Star Paneling
Starting at $697.00 per Panel
Home Theater Carpeting
Starting at $3.99 a Square Foot
Home Theater Seat Risers
Starting at $389.00 per Riser
Home Theater Stages
Starting at $1,997.00 per Stage
Movie Poster Frames
Starting at $299.00 per Frame
Home Theater Curtains
Starting at $397.00 per Setup
Complete Theater Packages
Call us for a Quote! 1.800.407.8665


4seating.com has been providing quality Home Theater Seats for over 10 years! We manufacture our own line or theater seating, as well as purchase bulk orders from such companies as Berkline, Palliser, Coaster, and Jaymar. This allows us to maintain or low prices for you, the consumer! These articles are provided for you to elevate your home theater experience to the highest quality!
The Seatcraft Aston | On Home Theater Decor, Part 1 | On Home Theater Decor, Part 2 | 10 Movies to Show Off Your Home Theater | Montage Extended Warranty | Finding The Right Seat for Your Home Theater | Leather Care and Maintenance | Product Spotlight: Palliser | Product Spotlight: Klaussner | Find Your Home Theater Deals | The Seatcraft Accessory POD | Seatcraft Rialto Stage Seating | Seatcraft Home Theater Seating Line | The Largest Theater Seating Showroom in Los Angeles \ Orange County Area | Home Theater Gear is a Booming Business | Berkline, Palliser, Seatcraft, Coaster, and Jaymar Theater Seating | Home Theater Seating Fabrics and Leathers | DOLBY Surround Home Theater Guide
JOIN OUR EMAIL NEWSLETTER
AND YOU’LL BE THE FIRST TO LEARN ABOUT OUR LATEST DEALS.