(0)
























































































































Looking for a ceiling fan authority with an established track record?
You found it. We have been selling ceiling fans nationally and internationally for over 37 years and online at CeilingFan.com since 1996. Our showroom houses America’s largest working display of indoor and outdoor fans. Our onsite Authorized Casablanca and Hunter Ceiling Fan Service Center gives us exceptional understanding of any ceiling fan issue. We offer thousands of fans from all the top brands such as Hunter, Casablanca, Emerson, Monte Carlo, Fanimation, and more. Browse, search, and enjoy! We offer a knowledgeable and industry proven support staff to assist with all of our customer's needs.

Browse by Popular Styles / Types
Outdoor Fans
Outdoor Damp Location and Wet Location Fans are ideal for all the elements.
Hugger Flush Mount
Hugger Flush Mount and Low Profile Fans are commonly used for areas which have low ceilings.
Contemporary and Modern
Modern Fans derive from smooth lines, sleek looks, and contemporary styles.
Large Room
Large Room fans are ideal for rooms up to 20' x 20' and range in blade size
from 60” to 84”.
Tropical
Tropical Fans provide cool breezes in a style reminiscent of the tropics.
Decorative
Decorative fans are Period or Decor Specific, Victorian, or other Ornate styles.
Small Room
Small Room Fans are ideal for areas
9' X 9' or smaller - small bedrooms, home offices, kitchens, etc.
Hi-Performance
High Performance Fans are the industry leaders in terms of high motor quality, low noise, and durability.
Ceiling Fans with Down Lights
Stylish lighting can enhance and enliven any room while still keeping it cool.
Ceiling Fans with Uplight
Uplights add a nice ambiance to any room.
Remote Control
Here you can see all ceiling fans that include Remote Controls.
Energy Efficient
The next level of energy efficiency and cost savings in the industry.
Browse Ceiling Fans by Manufacturers
Casablanca
Emerson
Minka Aire
Fanimation
Monte Carlo
Hunter
Kichler
Quorum
Matthews Fan Company
Ellington
Craftmade
Modern Fan


Have questions? Call us at 1-877-724-2326.
Interested in whether or not you need a flush mount fan, what size fan is best for your room, which fans have the best air flow or energy efficiency? Our staff of ceiling fan specialists are some of the most knowledgeable in the industry. Each sales person has worked in our onsite ceiling fan service center, each is fully experienced in installing ceiling fans, each is certified and receives regular training from the manufacturers, and each simply loves ceiling fans. Don’t hesitate to call and talk to our expert sales staff!
Don't just buy a fan… Design your fan!
Not only do ceiling fans offer true air comfort with amazing energy efficiency, they can also add a stylish accent to complement your home’s décor. Our fans come in all styles, modern to traditional and anything in between, but beyond that, each fan on our site has dropdown options allowing you to customize your fan with your own preference of blades, lights, remote controls, or other accessories to truly match your personal style.
Need After Sale Support?
We are aware that purchasing the right ceiling fan is only the first step of our partnership with you. Our on-site service center and our expert sales staff allow us to provide exceptional after sale support to each one of our customers. We love ceiling fans, and it is vital to us that our customers enjoy the wonderful benefits their ceiling fan can bring into their home.
*Free Shipping on All Fans
All of our ceiling fans or orders over $49 ship FREE via standard UPS, FedEx Ground, or comparable carrier anywhere in the continental US. FREE Shipping does not apply to items shipped to Hawaii or Alaska or to oversized items that must be shipped via UPS or FedEx freight.



















My Account
About
Contact Us
Information
Extras
CeilingFan.com
6948 Warner Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647
1-877-724-2326 (Toll Free)
1-714-848-3445