Save with Points or Save with Coupons!
Details Here
Home  |  $Monthly Specials$  |  Account  |  New Stuff  |  FAQ  |  Earn Money   
  Check Out  |  Contact Us  |  BBB on Facebook  |  Points and Rewards  |  Shopping Cart
EXOTIC CHOICES
All Botanicals & Herbals
Women's Health
Men's Health
Herbal Sleep Aids
Yerba Mate
Coca Leaf Tea
Japanese Green Tea
Traditional Favorites
Live Plants
Seeds
Incense
Natural Incense
Books & DVDs
Monthly Specials
 Contact Us
 Testimonies
 Points and Rewards
 Affiliate Program
 Purchasing Info
 Wholesale
 Disclaimer
 Articles
 Privacy Policy


 -- Bouncing Bear Botanicals --
Welcome to Bouncing Bear Botanicals. We have been in business since 2002, offering competitively-priced traditional-herbal products, live plants and seeds.
We offer same-day shipping on orders placed before noon Central Standard Time Monday through Friday. You can choose your shipping method at checkout with options from UPS Ground and First Class Mail up to Express Mail and UPS Next Day.
Our checkout process is SSL Secured and we accept major credit cards, Dwolla wire transfers and mail orders. Just choose your payment method when checking out and follow the instructions provided.
We work with suppliers and offer products from all over the world. All of our products are organically-grown or wild-harvested and we have a 100% satisfaction guarantee for all of our products.
Herbals
Herbals are plants that are valued for their medicinal properties, for their flavor or scent, or generally any attribute that might be seen as valuable to humans.





Bouncing Bear Botanicals supplies superior quality bulk herbs, teas, seeds, plants and incense.


Herbals

Maca Root

Yerba Mate

Seeds

Earn Money

Japanese Green Tea

Books & DVDs

Extracts

Incense



By placing an order, you are agreeing to this disclaimer: The products available have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the FDA. The products listed on this site are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Research all herbals and consult a doctor before beginning any herbal use. Use at your own risk. Do not use any herbals if you are nursing, pregnant, may become pregnant, have medical conditions or are using other herbs or medications. Customers must be over 18 years of age to purchase anything from this site. Bouncing Bear, anyone and anything related to Bouncing Bear and this site cannot be held accountable for any of your actions or choices.

  Product SiteMap