Free Shipping over $50*
Toggle navigation
(0)
Shop Reusable Bags
Co-Brand Products
Fundraising
The ChicoBag Story
ChicoBag | Quality Reusables for Retail, Co-Branding & Fundraisers
At ChicoBag, our mission is to help humanity bag the single use habit. We mean the wasteful, throw-away habit that overflows our landfills and clogs our oceans. We do this by advocating for waste reduction, and designing the highest quality, longest lasting reusable bags.
We partner with organizations, businesses, and schools who share our mission by co-branding our bags and a curated collection of other quality reusable alternatives to single-use waste. We offer products that empower people to take an active role in solving the single-use problem. At ChicoBag, we make bagging the single-use habit easy.
Shop Styles
We offer a wide variety of high-quality, responsibly made reusable solutions to make it easy to eliminate single-use bags out of your life. From trips to the store to back packing across the globe, we have stylish solutions to help you bag your single-use bag habit.
SHOP NOW
Retailers
Selling reusable bags in your store is a great way to increase sales in a new and exciting category! We have built a program that makes it easy for you to get started, and we are here to help you along the way. From small stores to large chains, our programs cover it all.
LEARN MORE
Co-Branding
Getting your name out there in a unique and memorable way is what ChicoBag specializes in. A variety of useful products at various price points are available. All products are designed to get your name out there in a responsible way because we truly believe in creating conversations, not waste.
LEARN MORE
Fundraising
Tired of cookie dough and candy bars? ChicoBag’s fundraising program is educational, healthy, profitable and most importantly - fun! Reusable bags are a hot item as a result of bag bans and fees across the country, and have proven to be a lucrative fundraising opportunity.
LEARN MORE
About Us
About Us
Advocacy
Manufacturing
What is rePETe?
Zero Waste
Testimonials
The Cause
Start a Fundraiser
Become a Retailer
Meet the Bag Monster
Resources
Contact Us
Store Locator
Careers
FAQ
Contact
530.342.4426
888.496.6166
747 Fortress Street
Chico, CA 95973
info@chicobag.com
© 2017 ChicoBag | All Rights Reserved