Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458 or Request a call
0
Shop













SHOP POPULAR CATEGORIES
SAFETY GLASSES
HARD HATS
MEN'S WORK BOOTS
WOMEN'S WORK BOOTS
CARHARTT
DICKIES
CAROLINA
TIMBERLAND

ABOUT CONSTRUCTION GEAR
Part of the Online Stores, LLC Family -- One of the top 500 internet retailers worldwide 2 years in a row! We are one of the largest online vendors in the world of work boots, work clothing, and safety equipment from top brands like Carhartt, Dickies, Carolina, Timberland PRO, 3M and many more!
Looking for product information? Get tips at the Gear Guru blog.
We want ConstructionGear.com to be your primary stop for all of your construction clothing and work boots. With fast and easy ordering, we ship most orders in 24 hours! We're here to help you stay comfortable on the job site and at home. We offer a wide variety of work boots from all the top manufacturers, including Carolina, Double-H, CAT, Wolverine, Carhartt, Timberland, LaCrosse and Justin.
We also offer construction safety equipment including protective hard hats, safety glasses and dust masks. We even carry on-site safety equipment like fall protection harnesses, roofer's kits, and carabiners. We carry belts, tool belts, pouches, tool bucket organizers, work gloves, thermal underwear, winter hats and ski masks, rain gear and much more! Our store carries construction safety equipment ranging from protective hard hats and work boots to onsite safety equipment like harnesses and first aid. Protection, whether you're on a construction side or in a factory, is important, and our store offers products to protect and cover parts of your body by trusted brands like OccuNomix, Pyramex, 3M, MSA, and FallTech.
Safety gear is necessary for all industrial work environments, and our store carries hard hats in various designs: standard, full brim, cowboy, and bump cap as well as with customized designs and with sturdy suspensions. Work gloves, like hard hats, are also a must for hand safety or warmth during winter. Work boots, as well as socks, are needed to protect your feet, and we have men's and women's designs with steel, composite, or soft toe options. We even carry boots for loggers - Carolina is our top selling brand for loggers!

INFORMATION
CUSTOMER SERVICES
MY ACCOUNT
CONTACT US
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
SUBSCRIBE

FOLLOW US
Copyright © 2017 Online Stores, LLC All Rights Reserved.



Visit our other stores: