0
is rated
resellerratings.com link
Home & Business
DIY Alarm Systems
Pro Grade Wired & Wireless Alarm Systems
Video Surveillance Equipment - Fire Alarms
VIEW ALL ALARM SYSTEMS
Low-Price Guarantee
Toll-Free Support
Selling DIY direct since 1997
Top Brands of Security Alarms
for the Home or Business

We offer the top brands of Home Alarm Systems and surveillance camera systems at the best prices. Unlimited toll free installation
technical and programming support. We’ve been selling DIY alarms and accessories wholesale direct since 1997
Feature Product
DSC PowerSeries NEO HS2016NKCP01 Board and Cabinet
$59.78
DSC PowerSeries NEO HS2032NKCP01 Board and Cabinet
$67.13
VIEW ALL PRODUCTS
Our Brands
ALARM PARTS & ACCESSORIES
VIEW PRODUCTS
VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
VIEW PRODUCTS
OTHER SECURITY PRODUCTS
VIEW PRODUCTS
Why DIY Your Own Alarm System?
Well, one reason is cost of course. It's no secret that you save the labor expense by doing a project like this yourself, but you're also able to purchase the equipment at wholesale rates rather than retail saving even more.

While saving money is always welcome, it's not the #1 reason we hear that customers want to install their own security equipment. The top reason is probably because they either don't want monitoring service or if they do, they don't want long term contracts at high monthly rates.

While we offer alarm monitoring service, we don't force it upon our customers and we don't require long term contracts either. Another plus? We also charge the wholesale rate for this optional service which is often 1/3 the cost of the cost traditional alarm companies charge.

All security products equipment we sell are new and factory fresh. All firmware versions for alarm systems and modules are the latest available from the manufacturer.

For tips on products, technical
advice and much more:
Check out our FAQ
Latest Blogs
6 Crime Prevention Tips to Secure the School Campus During Break
20 Jul 2017
School dormitories are vulnerable to burglary, especially during holiday breaks when fewer students, teachers and school staff are on campus. This makes holiday school safety a must in student dorms and apartments. Is yours safe from burglars? On average, more than 11,000 burglaries and robberies occurred in campus residence halls...
What Causes a Honeywell Alarm to Keep Beeping and How to Stop It
11 Jul 2017
Honeywell alarm system owners enjoy peace of mind and protection for their home or office with Honeywell’s 24/7 central station monitoring and immediate assistance during emergencies like fire, carbon monoxide leaks, and burglary. However, beeping sounds from your home security system can be annoying and bothersome. Several reasons explain why...
A Total Home Experience with DSC Touch Wireless Alarm Systems
10 May 2017
The human brain is a powerful computer, but it’s also limited in many ways. When it’s rushed, stressed or overloaded with stimuli, it has more trouble processing information. That’s why even the smartest parents and single homeowners can make mistakes; they have to juggle priorities like family, career, personal development,...
VIEW BLOG
COMPANY INFO
MY ACCOUNT
CUSTOMER SERVICE
POLICIES
COPYRIGHT © 2017 ALARMSYSTEMSTORE.COM | POWERED BY SHOPIFY