Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Register Log-in Cart $0.00


Search
Select Category...back to schoolbaby giftskids giftsfamily giftstoy storagekids furniturethemesoccasions






































personalized lunch boxes
(over 40 designs to choose from)
personalized character backpacks
(all their favorites!)
personalized nap mats
(featuring new designs)

featured products
Personalized Dibsies Modern Expressions Sports Toy Box
5 Reviews
Regular Price: $158.70
 Sale: $119.95
NEW
Personalized Ballerina Dance Bag
Regular Price: $45.50
 Sale: $34.95
NEW
Personalized Baby Gift - My 1st Teddy Bear - Blue, 12 Inch
2 Reviews
Regular Price: $38.95
 Sale: $27.95
Personalized Dibsies Kids Pastel Bookshelf
11 Reviews
Regular Price: $54.95
 Sale: $39.95

Personalized Beach Towels
Personalized Security Blankets & Lovies
  personalized gifts for babies & kids
Thoughtful.  Special.  Memorable.   Lasting.  Those are just some of the words that have been used to describe gifts received from DIBSIES Personalization Station.  By specializing in personalized gifts for children, we allow you to break free from the generic gift doldrums and instead choose unique, one-of-a-kind gifts that really show how important the little ones in your life are to you.  
Giving a gift that includes custom chosen text, colors, fonts, or graphics shows a level of thoughtfulness only reserved for those people that are most special to us.   ...

[Show More]







top personalized gift ideas
Looking for ideas to get you started? 
* Our bestselling personalized toy box collection is the largest of its kind available online. This classic kids' room staple not only allows things to stay organized, but with Dibsies personalization added, it instantly becomes a memorable keepsake that will be cherished for years to come.  Also, for more organizational tips, be sure to check out our Essential Guide to Keeping Kids Organized in the Home.
* Our Award Winning Personalized Dolls will help enhance your little girl's imagination and also make for an ...

[Show More]


    Stay up to date and subscribe to our mailing list
Click here to sign-up


Search About Us Contact Us Store Policies Trending Articles
Copyright © 2017 Dibsies Personalization Station. | Google+

* No Sales Tax Outside of Ohio
* Free Shipping in Continental U.S. Only