Less Fussing,
More Fun
Learn to sign in 5 minutes
Start Signing!
Basics
Dictionary
Flash Cards
Wall Chart
Products
Replace Crying with Communication
Baby Sign Language lets babies, as young as six months old, communicate their needs so they don't need to cry. Your baby will learn how to tell you:
When he is hungry, wants more, or is all done
If he is too cold or too hot
Or that he just needs a hug
Never again be helpless at 2 a.m., trying to guess what a sobbing baby wants.
Wyatt Communicating his Needs
Don't Miss Another Special Moment
Empower your baby to be understood. Bond with your baby as she shares the world with you. Don't miss:
The first time she signs mommy or daddy
Her asking you to kiss her tummy again and again
Her excitement at spotting a bird or a dog
You will never forget that moment when she signs and her face lights up because she knows you finally understand.
Max: Signing at the Zoo
Boost Brain Development
Studies show that learning Baby Sign Language has many developmental benefits including:
Speaking earlier and having a larger vocabulary
A +12 point IQ advantage over peers
Achieving better grades in school
Teachers know which children signed. They are around the enrichment table talking in sentences while the rest of the class still points and grunts.
Brinkley: Developing Language Skills and Confidence
Do you want to stop tantrums, have more fun, and raise a smarter baby?
Start Signing!
(Learn how it works and your first five signs)
PRODUCTS
Baby Sign Language Ultra Kit
$202.87 $119.99
Baby Sign Language Premium Kit
$162.91 $84.99
Baby Sign Language Standard Kit
$74.95 $39.99
READER STORIES
To share your Baby Sign Language Stories and hear how Baby Sign Language is working in other families click here!
GET THE BSL BUTTON
SEARCH
Search
BABY SIGN LANGUAGE BLOG
Potty Training Baby Sign Language Style – 10 Tips You Don’t Want to Miss!
Go Beyond Signing – Five Awesome Ways to Use Your Baby Sign Language Flash Card Set From Birth to Kindergarten
Learning Delays? Small Steps Can Make Big Impact
Baby Sign Language For The Playground
Beyond Shyness – This is How Baby Sign Language Can Help You Overcome Toddler Social Anxiety
© 2017 Baby Sign Language.