My Account
Contact
Checkout
View cart
0items in
            

            
            
            
            Home
            
            
            
            Battery Packs
            
            
            
            Battery Chargers
            
            
            
            Accessories
            
            
            Your cart (0)
          
FIND IT FAST
Select Device
Select Brand
Select Model No.
or
Select OEM Part No.
Barcode Printer Batteries
Barcode Scanner Batteries
FEATURED PRODUCTS
JUST ADDED
SALE
CutRateBatteries.com provides the highest quality replacement batteries for the lowest price with the highest level of service, all in a secure and convenient platform.
Our product range include replacement batteries, chargers and battery eliminators for portable devices like Barcode Printers, Barcode Scanners, Laptop Computers, Two Way Radios, and Wireless Phones.
WE GIVE YOU MANY REASONS TO SHOP WITH US, INCLUDING:
First-Rate Quality
We offer only the best quality battery packs; best in both manufacturing process and cell quality. Our battery packs use very high quality “A” grade cells manufactured by industry leaders like, Sanyo and Panasonic. All our batteries are brand new. We do not sell used or refurbished batteries.
Cut-Rate Prices
Save up to 70% off OEM prices! We are amongst the most competitive suppliers compared to other vendors from a price-quality perspective.
Top-Notch Service
Our American customer service executives are eager to help you save time and money by sharing their knowledge and expertise on batteries and chargers.
Complete Satisfaction
Your absolute satisfaction is our top objective. We offer a 30 day money-back guarantee on all our products. In addition, most of our battery packs have a 12 month free replacement warranty for manufacturer's defects.
Full Compatability
Each battery is 100% compatible with the original equipment and is manufactured to match or outperform the original equipments specifications for form, fit and workmanship.
Same-Day Shipping
We fulfill your orders fast - most credit card orders are shipped within 24 hours of order receipt. All orders over $149 qualify for free ground shipping to any destination in the continental USA.
CUSTOMER SERVICE : TOLL FREE : 1-866-413-6862
TEL : 1-651-204-9990
FAX : 1-651-331-5089
HOURS : MON-FRI 9:00-17:30 E.S.T.
CUSTOMER RESOURCES
Corporate Account
Request a Quotation
Purchase Orders
Fax Orders
30-Day Returns
FAQ's
Site Map
Contact Us
COMPANY POLICIES
Best Price Guarantee
Battery Warranties
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Our Customers
Terms & Conditions
Business Opportunities
Work With Us
Customer Reviews
1,428
CERTIFIED REVIEWS
Powered by YOTPO
WE ACCEPT
FIND US ON
Facebook Google Plus Linked In Twitter RSS
All brand names, logos, and trademarks referenced on this site remain the property of their respective owners. They are used for descriptive purposes, and to demonstrate compatibility only. CutRateBatteries.com is not affiliated with, or endorsed by any brand name manufacturer. We do not sell original name-brand batteries. CutRateBatteries.com limitation of liability is strictly limited to the purchase price of the product. In no event shall we be responsible for incidental or consequential damages of any kind. Users accept all CutRateBatteries.com policies expressed on this site. Use of the site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use. © 2005 - 2017 CutRateBatteries.com - All Rights Reserved.
CutRateBatteries.com is a service of Cut-Rate Batteries, Inc.