Home
Air Rifles
Air Pistols
Ammunition
Accessories
Optics
About Gamo
Videos
Customer Service

Order Status User Account Where To Buy
Air Rifles Air Pistols Ammunition Optics/Scopes Lasers & Lights Airgun Targets
The Right Air Gun > The Right Ammo > The perfect Combination
At Gamo, we manufacture many different air guns to fit the needs of versatile shooters everywhere. With such a variety of choices, we've created the GAMO PROSHOT ID SYSTEM to help you better aligns your shooting needs with the performance attributes of each model. From Hunting to Pest Control & Recreation to Target & Competition, all Gamo air gun and ammunition packages are clearly labeled and color coordinated to designate their recommended primary usage so you can easily pair the right air gun every time.
GAMO Air Rifle RECOMMENDED USAGE
Provides accuracy and high velocity - ideal for nuisance animals such as mice, rats, birds and snakes.
Also perfect for recreational shooting and other everyday usage.
Delivers accuracy with higher energy downrange for ultimate impact and penetration - ideal for small game such as rabbits, squirrels, raccoons and crows.
Offers the ultimate in accuracy and consistent performance - ideal for both training and competitive shooting.
Air Guns, Adult Precision Air Rifles, Airgun Pellets, Lasers and Optics
For over 120 years Gamo has been in the air gun industry, designing and producing high quality and high powered air rifles, air pistols and airgun ammunition for small game hunting and pest control.
Today, Gamo is the largest manufacturer of airgun pellets in the world, and one of the most recognized air gun manufacturers in Europe. Competing successfully worldwide, Gamo air guns can be found in more than fifty countries and used daily by hunters and outdoor enthusiasts.
Whisper Fusion Mach 1
The new air rifle features the latest in Gamo technology - the IGT MACH 1™. The IGT MACH 1™ replaces the standard spring powerplant with an Inert Gas Cylinder, but the IGT MACH 1's monster 33 milimeter cylinder delivers more Velocity and Terminal Penetration. The pneumatic cylinder propels pellets up to 1420 Feet Per Second in .177 Caliber and 1020 Feet Per Second in .22 Caliber (both with PBA Platinum Ammo), not to mention smooth and consistent cocking efforts with constant power delivered to any pellet you fire.
Click here to see how the Mach1 technology works.
The Whisper Fusion Mach 1 line also offers the exclusive CAT™ (Custom Action Trigger) technology which allows Gamo air rifle owners the ability to independently adjust the first and second stages of their trigger.
Click here to see how the CAT™ (Custom Action Trigger) technology works.
This air rifle also features RRR™ (Recoil Reducing Rail) technology, developed to reduce the stress placed on your scope from the intense recoil of air guns and high-powered rifles. The patent pending two-piece aluminum rail is separated by dual polymer struts to absorb shockwaves. Once mounted to the Recoil Reducing Rail, the recoil stresses to internal components of the scope are reduced by almost 100%.
Click here to see how the RRR™ (Recoil Reducing Rail) technology works.
Coyote Whisper Fusion
With this new launch of the Coyote Whisper Fusion™ model, GAMOÂ© is unveiling to the world an "entry level" PCP air rifle. With the Coyote Whisper Fusion PCP air rifle, GAMO© is offering a multi-shot PCP rifle with the top quality and upscale design which is the standard level from GAMO©.
The Coyote Whisper Fusion™ has a multi-shot mechanism, actioned by the classic bolt system, which acts on a removable magazine with the capacity for 10 pellets. On the mechanism's case there is an 11 mm-long rail for the installation of optical elements. In this model the PCP pre-compressed air reservoir is fixed and integrated into the rifle itself, but it does not lack refinements, such as a manometer which shows the loading of the air rifle.
The Coyote Whisper Fusion™ features the Whisper Fusion technology developed exclusively by Gamo©, this new remarkably quiet PCP air rifle includes the latest noise dampening technology that has been integrated into the steel barrel. This technology incorporates a double integrated sound moderator making it the quietest Gamo air rifle. The pellet travels through two different chambers compressing and preventing the noise expansion.
Click here to see Gamo's Noise Reduction Capabilities.
Customer Satisfaction
We are confident that you will find satisfaction in any Gamo air rifle, air pistol, airgun pellet or any other accessory found throughout our website. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us. Our customer service representatives are here to assist you. You may also find useful information in our air gun terminology section.
Gamo Quick Links:
Precision Air Rifles | Air Pistols | Air Gun Ammunition | Air Gun Accessories | Air Gun Optics | Targets
Follow Us GAMO
Shopping Cart
Cart Empty


Please notify me via email of any Gamo specials and sales
How this benefits you?

Recommend This Page
Submit
Gamo Resources
Airgun Terminology FAQ'S Testimonials & Articles Press Releases

Home| Industry Links| Retailers| Distributors| Contact Us| Safety Procedures| Warranty/Return Policy| Recall Info| Privacy Policy| Site Map| Dealer Login
Copyright © 2016 Gamo Outdoor USA, Inc. All Rights Reserved