SHOP
CLASSIC ADVENTURE
MOTOR ADVENTURE
ALL PADDLE ADVENTURE
SPECIALTY ADVENTURES
Share the experience of a lifetime with us!
Under third-generation family operation, we take pride in our long-standing history of providing high quality and experiential Grand Canyon rafting adventures. You will see places you have never seen before, do things you’ve never done before and awake every morning to beauty so breathtaking the images will last a lifetime. With an emphasis on adventure, hiking, education, safety and fun, our guides have an average 14 years experience and come from diverse backgrounds.
Photo ©Ralph Hopkins
QUESTIONS? CURIOUS?
THINKING ABOUT IT?
GIVE US A CALL!
800-786-7238
Very easily and without a doubt 5 stars! If I could i would give Azra 10 stars! The trip they provided for the No Barriers Warriors Team was amazing! Professional and organized to perfection. The guides Somer, Brad, Dennis, Omar, Steve, Amity and Max were absolutely wonderful. All very well versed and knowledgeable about both the natural history and human history that has been captured between the Grand Canyon walls. Loved it and will be back!
Josh H.Classic Adventure 2016
Life changing. The most amazing guides (Andrew, Alan, Derek, Steve, Bev, and Tess with two awesome assistants Heidi and Thomas) lead us on a 6 day trip that we just finished. I might be driving back to LA but my soul is on the river with them and the rest of folks on our trip. How lucky am I to have been a part of this experience and I will definitely be back!
Jill H.Classic Adventure - Upper 2016
We all had a wonderful time words cannot describe the Beauty and fun. Our guides were fantastic and show a deep passion love and respect for this incredible place. Couldn't have been better. Awesome.
Sean C.Motor Adventure 2016
This trip was the most excellent professional and fun trip I have been on. The guides are the best! Food was fantastic. Everything was pure class from start to finish. No worries and just a whole lot of fun and adventure. I can't say enough good about it. Thanks AzRA!
Norah W.Classic Adventure 2015
Photo ©Ralph Hopkins
ABOUT ARIZONA RAFT ADVENTURES
About Us
Our Guiding Principles
Privacy Policy
Jobs
Contact Us
USEFUL ADVENTURE TOOLS
Your Adventure Log-in
Request a Brochure
Red River Sports Retail Store
Blog
Area Maps
Bright Angel Trail: Upper | Lower
Rates/Dates: 2017 | 2018
Useful Links
Southwest Guide – What to do in the Area
MORE INFORMATION
Choosing and Reserving an Adventure
Reservation and Cancellation Policies
Emergency Preparedness & Evacuations
Cancellation Insurance
Frequently Asked Questions
Disabilities
Repeat Adventurers
Charter Adventures
Trips on Sale
Photo/Video Gallery
Testimonials
E-Newsletters
© Arizona Raft Adventures Grand Canyon. All Rights Reserved.