Designed and manufactured in the USA
800.341.5480
(0)
MENU
BMW SERIES
AUDI
MERCEDES
MINI
VW
Locate the closest Dinan dealer to you and get the performance your vehicle is capable of from a vendor with a real racing pedigree.
Learn more about our products through installation tutorials, sound clips, and more!
Can’t wait to build your own Dinan vehicle? Buy one pre-built direct from one of our dealers instead!
ELECTRONICS
FREE FLOW EXHAUST
COLD AIR INTAKES
SUSPENSION
WHEELS
At Dinan our passion for European cars is seen in our dedication to producing and creating the most innovative and performance driven aftermarket parts on the market. The serious enthusiasts turn to us because they appreciate our ability to make performance upgrades that outperform the rest of the aftermarket industry. When customers want performance they turn to us first:
With years of experience working with BMWs and other marques, our technicians and engineers are trained to find ways of getting the best out of each European vehicle that comes unto the market. With massive amounts of R&D behind all the aftermarket parts we build as well as using the best quality materials, such as stainless steel and carbon fiber, our parts aren't merely just parts; they are portals that allow us take a car from good, too great.
Most of the parts from Dinan come to our customers with the best warranty in the aftermarket business with a factory matching 4 year or 50,000-mile new car warranty. This allows owners to have confidence in our upgrades: we proudly stand behind our work and our warranty guarantees that you'll be happy.
Here, we are all about European performance. In fact, Euro upgrades are the only type of upgrades that Dinan creates. This helps us to be experts in the field, knowing European marques – quite literally – from the inside out. We work with all types of vehicles, from the old to the brand new. We offer a variety of upgrades to our customers. These upgrades may be in the form of hard aftermarket parts – such as exhaust, suspension, and intake systems – or they may be in the form of software upgrades – such as those that improve power output or remove the top speed governor. At Dinan, we are the only company that sells aftermarket parts through the dealership networks.
Whatever European performance upgrade you are looking for Dinan can help.
CONTACT US TODAY TO GET STARTED!
WHATEVER EURO UPGRADE YOU ARE LOOKING FOR…
DINAN CAN HELP WITH YOUR PERFORMANCE NEEDS.
Dinan Car Sales
The Dinan Badge
Press
Development Cars Needed
MAP Policy
Home
About
Contact
Map Policy
T&C
Privacy Policy
Newsletter Sign-Up
Dinan Corp 865 Jarvis Drive Morgan Hill, CA 95037 800.341.5480