MENU
CART
Social. Relaxing. Kava.
Since ancient times the cultures of the South Pacific have consumed kava kava for medicinal, religious, political, cultural and social purposes. Today Bula Kava House offers the finest ground kava root available, fresh from the islands.
SHOP KAVA NOW
Learn More
Featured Products:
NEW! - Kula Kava Powder
Coming straight from our partner farm in Tonga, Kula is also known as Huli, which is the word...
              
              1/2 LB $27.00
              
              1 LB $52.00
              
              2 LB $102.00
              
            
NEW! - Akau Kava Powder
Akau kava is another excellent single variety kava from Tonga, harvested fresh to order. Akau is the Tongan...
              
              1/2 LB $27.00
              
              1 LB $52.00
              
              2 LB $102.00
              
            
Kava Root - Borogu Kava Powder
A kava drink that’s a favorite among the people of Vanuatu, Borogu kava powder brews a...
              
              1/2 LB $24.50
              
              1 LB $45.00
              
              2 LB $83.00
              
            


Social. Relaxing. Kava.
Kava or kava-kava (Piper methysticum) is consumed for medicinal, religious, political, cultural and social purposes throughout the Pacific ocean cultures of Polynesia. A shrub that thrives in loose, well-drained soils where plenty of air can reach the roots, kava plants are typically harvested at 3-4 years of age. As time has progressed so have the techniques used to make this sacred island drink.
LEARN MORE ON OUR BLOG
The Bula Kava House Story
Bula is a Fijian word with many uses. It is a greeting, but also can mean "life" or "to live". Fijians use it in place of "cheers" before drinking kava. Bula Kava House began in 2011 as a kava bar, or Nakamal, in Portland, Oregon. Today Bula Kava House delivers only the highest quality kava varieties available ... right to your doorstep. Our customers primarily consume kava to relax without disrupting mental clarity.
MORE ABOUT BULA KAVA HOUSE
Kava Quality and Testing
We are committed to kava testing and supporting the kava community, including the under-acknowledged importance of heavy metal and microbiological testing. All of our kava is independently tested for chemotype, flavokavain levels, heavy metals, and microbiological pathogens. Welcome to the Bula Kava House online store, where we sell some of the freshest ground kava root available online.
READ OUR KAVA TESTING POLICY
Main Menu
Buy Kava Online
Portland Kava Bar
Kava Blog
About Bula
Help
Press Room
Kava Testing Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Products
Instant Kava
Vanuatu Kava Root
Kava Root - South Pacific
Kava Ceremony Kits
Accessories
Clothing
News & Updates
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
© 2017 Bula Kava House.