menu
0
SEARCH
TOP CATEGORIES
LED Bulbs
Halogen Bulbs
Fluorescent Bulbs
HID Bulbs
PAR Bulbs
Light Bulb Finder
Projector Lamps
Automotive Bulbs
Stage Equipment
Medical Equipment
BEST SELLERS
2 in 1 LED 9W E27 3500K Mosquito Killer Bug Control Zapper Pestblast 110V Bulb
SKU: AEMK01
$1599



PHILIPS 6.5W MR16 LED Dimmable 2700K WarmGlow Flood Bulb
SKU: 454546
$864



High Quality LED 7.5W GU10 MR16/PAR16 Warm White 650LM Flood Light Bulb
SKU: G8001234
$750



PLATINUM 50 watt 120 volt PAR30 FL40 halogen floodlight bulb
SKU: 50PAR30FL
$650
SALE



GreenLux 4" square LED downlight retrofit 3000K 10 Watts 120 volts Dimmable
SKU: G8007564
$1295



 
Since 2003, we've been supplying hundreds of thousands of customers with a huge selection of lighting products at very competitive prices with fast delivery right to the door. We're proud of our huge selection of lighting products, but we're just as proud of the personalized service we offer each and every customer. If you have a question, you can get prompt, reliable answers from our courteous, knowledgeable staff simply by calling us toll-free or emailing us. That's why BulbAmerica is your one-stop online shop for stage, automotive, Christmas lights, LED lighting, bulbs, fixtures, and much more.
Whether you're looking for lamp light bulbs, a stage light bulb or any other kind of light bulb, we probably have it, because we carry more than 50,000 types of bulbs. America or worldwide, we can get your bulb to you with rapid delivery. We carry leading brands like Osram and General Electric as well as our own economical BulbAmerica house brand. If you're into saving money, you should also check out our vast selection of LED bulbs. Designed to save energy compared to standard incandescent and compact fluorescent bulbs, our LEDs also boast extremely long lives, saving you the labor and cost of replacing them frequently.
We carry fixtures, bulbs, accessories and other lighting equipment for all sorts of applications, including commercial, industrial, residential and theatrical. Are you a DJ looking to take your show on the road? Consider some of our lightweight, portable PAR cans that can enhance the mood of your music and your audience. We also carry PAR cans and accessories suitable for dramatic productions ranging from schools and small church plays to major professional theatrical events.
If you want to protect your property, whether residential, commercial or industrial, BulbAmerica has security and safety lights that will deter theft and vandalism while protecting your guests from potentially painful and costly accidents. For your home, we have under-cabinet lighting to illuminate those dark niches as well as chandeliers that can add a touch of elegance to your dining area. When Christmas rolls around, shop our huge inventory of Christmas lights, trees, wreaths and other items to light up your home with holiday cheer inside and out.
If you have an office, you can pick from scores of energy-efficient fluorescent light bulbs at BulbAmerica. We also carry high-bay lights suitable for warehouses and commercial enterprises.
Got a car that needs a new brake light, headlight or any other kind of exterior or interior light? You can find exactly the bulb you need quickly and at a low price with our easy-to-use dropdown menu. If you need a replacement projector lamp for your multimedia projector or rear-projection TV, BulbAmerica carries more than 10,000 bulbs, and you can also easily find the right one with our convenient dropdown menu.
Sign Up for BulbAmerica Deals
Stay in Touch

Payment Methods
  Company
About Us
Contact Us
Toll Free: 888-505-2111
Support@bulbamerica.com
Help
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Bulb Guide (Printout)
Terms & Conditions
FAQ - Frequently Ask Questions
Other Links
Bulb Finder
Reseller Program
Purchase Order
Our Clients
Rewards & Referral Program
Shop By Brand


Copyright © 2017 BulbAmerica. All Rights Reserved. All prices USD.