Open menu
Why Bravo Is The Best Choice For
OWB / IWB Kydex Concealment Holsters
LEARN MORE
Featured Kydex Holster Products
ON SALE
2 Gun Holster Bundle - BCA (OWB) / DOS (IWB)
$79.98 $107.98
DOS Torsion Holster
$69.99
OWB BCA Gun Holster Combo
FROM $86.99
OWB BCA Gun Holster
FROM $53.99
SHOP ALL PRODUCTS

Concealable Holsters Of The Highest Quality.
We use the best materials for maximum conceal-ability and durability.
Our holsters are made with Low-Profile in mind. We use Kydex which is a superior form of thermoforming plastic for a thin yet durable holster. This allows for the best concealment holster you will ever experience.
*A Bravo Kydex Concealment Holster only adds 0.16 of an inch to the overall thickness of your gun.

Made Specifically For Your Gun.
Molded to an exact replica of your gun to ensure precise tolerances for the BEST fit and the smoothest draws. Our molding and cutting process is an advancement in Kydex gun holster making. We use 6061-T6 aluminum alloy cut by only the best CNC machines and CAD programs to create the most precise molds. We then take these vacuum formed molds and cut your holster with extreme precision to ensure the BEST and most consistent holster on the market.
*Our precision molds allow for a smooth inside providing the upmost care for your firearm's finish. Most other materials such as leather and synthetics are very abrasive to finishes.

Because You Deserve The Very Best!
Only the Best Hardware for your concealment holster.
Made of a high quality reinforced Nylon, our belt loops and belt clips are tough and endure extreme conditions. High end O-rings withstand heat, water, and oils for a long lasting elasticity. Our black oxide coated machine screws are mated to our custom made backing post and have a high tensile strength for a secure hold.
Click here to see why our kydex concealed carry holsters are the very best for your EDC.
How To Adjust OWB Concealed Carry Holster Options
How To Adjust IWB Concealed Carry Holster Options
Customer Reviews
I have been running my DOS Torsion for the past two weeks and I can proudly say that it is hands down the best kydex concealment holster I've had. The fit and finish is 100% as to be expected with a Bravo Concealment holster. The design is great and it really does conceal well. It rides high enough to get a full firing grip purchase on the firearm as you draw it. It's got a positive click retention assuring you the gun is seated tight in the holster, yet the draw is as smooth as butter. Amazing products these dudes are making. I own a few bravo products and I plan to have more soon!!!
I work narcotics for the LAPD I purchased two OWB custom kydex holsters. Drawing from the holster is smooth and they do not flop around like other cheap holsters. They are the best kydex gun holsters I have ever owned. I will be a client for life. - MS
VIEW ALL CUSTOMER REVIEWS
The horse is made ready for battle, but victory rests with the LORD
- Proverbs 21:31
Contact Us
Bravo Concealment
Phone: (956) 783-7682
Office@bravoconcealment.com
1012 N Alamo Road
Alamo, TX 78516
Monday - Friday 9am - 4pm
Newsletter Sign-Up
Join the Bravo email family and receive the latest custom kydex concealment holster news!
Get Your LEO/Mil/FR Discount


Follow Us
Become A Dealer
Are you interested in becoming a Bravo Concealment vendor/dealer?
Click Here to contact us for additional information.
Terms Of Service/Disclaimer Of Liability
Refund/Return Policy
Privacy Statement