NavigationHomeProducts- Wood Stoves- Gas Stoves- Tiny Houses- Gas Log Sets- Coal Stoves- Outdoor Grills- Electric Stoves- Fire Pits- Chimineas- Furniture- Lamps-Lighting- AccessoriesUpcoming EventsManualsAbout Us- Videos- History- News- Register Products
Bob Timberlake - Earthstone Products - Buck Stove
Welcome to Buck Stove online!
Bob Timberlake
Click HERE to read about the new efforts by Bob Timberlake, Earthstone Products and Buck Stove!
Wood Burning Stoves, Gas Hearths, Grills, Fire Pits & Tiny Houses
Wood Stoves, Gas Hearths, Coal Stoves and more!
(828) 765-6144
info@buckstove.com
BUCKS TINY HOUSES!
Love grows best in little houses with fewer walls to seperate. Where you eat and sleep so close together, you can't help but communicate. And if we had more room between us, think of all we'd miss...
Love grows best in tiny houses just like this.
Visit the Buck's Tiny Houses Website
The Lights are on in the Bucks Tiny Houses!
Bucks Tiny Houses will be featured at this year's SOUTHERN IDEAL HOME SHOW in Charlotte Sept 9-11
Buck Stove is a manufacturer of quality wood, coal and gas heating stoves and has been for over 40 years. We have honed our designs and manufacturing processes to bring our customers the best units available. We have a wide variety of models including over 15 wood stoves, 2 coal units and several gas units that can be used in different configurations such as inserted into an existing fireplace, freestanding on legs or a pedestal or housed within one of our custom made mantels. We also manufacture outdoor firepits that are either wood or gas fired and come in a wide range of designs from the simple wood burning 18 inch round which is perfect for any camping trip to the elaborate granite gas fired model which can be filled with reflective glass and is perfect for the patio! While on the subject of outdoor living, Buck Stove also manufactures a line of exquisite and durable outdoor furniture made from Polywood (recycled plastic) and held together with military grade stainless steel hardware. Choose from tables, chairs, gliders, ottomans, chaise lounges and even recliners! Just add a Buck Stove charcoal grill to the mix and your outdoor living experience can be complete! Buck Stove also manufactures a line of tiny homes featuring three different floor plans...CHECK OUT THE BUCK'S TINY HOUSES! Use the menu on the left, or the one at the top of the page to look through our products and then use the BUCK STOVE DEALER LOCATOR to find the closest Buck Stove dealer to your location. If you need to contact our customer service department, please give us a call at 828-765-6144 or use the e-mail address info@buckstove.com.
Bob Timberlake by Buck Stove Outdoor Furniture Color Choices!
Use the Color Wheel below to see all the fantastic color options and combinations that our furniture can be purchased in!

  Get Email Updates
For Email Marketing you can trust
Didn't find what you were looking for?
email us at info@buckstovecorp.com
Quick Links
Home Page
About Buck Stove
Contact Us today
FAQ
Our Products
On-Line Parts Store
Dealer Locator
Become A Dealer
Let's Get Social!
Get in touch!
200 Ethan Allen Dr. Spruce Pine, NC 28777
(828) 765-6144
email: info@buckstovecorp.com
web Contact: webmaster
Copyright 2014. New Buck Corporation Inc. All Rights Reserved.
View Full Site