Fast FREE Shipping on orders $75 or more.
Educational
  Toys Planet
SEARCH
0
Cart

     Boy                 Girl                 See All
Age
Any AgeBirth to 12 Months12 to 24 Months2 Years3 Years4 Years5 Years6 Years7 Years8 Years9 Years10 Years 
Category    
Any CategoryActivity BooksActivity ToysArts & CraftsBath ToysBuilding ToysElectronic ToysGamesMusical ToysOutdoor Play & SportsPlay FoodPlaysets & FiguresPuzzlesRole PlayingScience KitsToy CarsToy Tools 
Price minAny10203040506075100 maxAny10203040506075100 


Telly the Teaching Time Clock - Pink
$28.97
Count and Lace Fruit Preschool Learning Toy
$29.97    Sale $26.29
Toy Travel Cat Care Kit
$28.69
Classic Toy Bead Maze
$26.97
Scoot Around Toddler Push Ride-on Toy with 4 Wheels
$64.97
Why Educational Toys Planet?
BECAUSE WE CARE ABOUT:
Our learning toys! They are unique, hand-picked and fun to play with! All the intelligent toys for children that we carry are carefully looked at, played with, categorized and issued with our exclusive Skills assessment.
Safety and quality! We select products and manufacturers responsibly. Our manufacturers guarantee that all their products comply with all applicable safety standards and laws. we are confident that our toy store is selling the best educational toys for kids.
Customer satisfaction! If you are not happy with your purchase, you can return it.
Security! We provide 128-bit SSL security for all online transactions. Educational Toys Planet website is tested and certified DAILY to be secure. Buy kids toys online knowing that your personal information is safe with us.
Fast shipping! All in-stock orders are shipped within 1 business day. You will receive tracking information as soon as your order is shipped.
Free shipping! We always have a generous free shipping special!
Reliable shipping! All orders to US continental locations are shipped by UPS (Ground, 3 Day Select, 2nd Day Air, Next Day Air) or USPS Priority Mail. Our discounted shipping rates are very affordable!
Orders from our military! We are always glad to receive orders from our military personnel. We ship orders to APO/FPO locations at USPS discounted rates.
Availability! You can see available inventory on all our items. We can gladly notify you when the out-of-stock toy is received.
Giving! We offer affordable gift wrap and free gift messaging at check out. Our packing slips do not contain any pricing information. We offer best gifts for kids that are a pleasure to give!
Convenient checkout! We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express and PayPal for payment.
School orders! We accept school purchase orders, also orders from organizations and companies.
Business commitment! Our store is owned by a family of dedicated parents, professional educators, and experienced entrepreneurs. Our goal is to provide you with the best quality service and your kids with the best playthings.
WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY:
Thank you so much! I appreciate your prompt attention to the toy matter! I love your website and products! I always mention it to friends and family how wonderful your toys are! Now I can say your customer service is just as wonderful too! Thanks again! Naomi, ND
I want to thank the Customer Service staff for their professional, prompt, and helpful service in regards to this order. I wish I knew the name of the person I talked to because she went above and beyond to make sure that my mistake was corrected. Her problem solving approach, her caring attitude, and her desire to make sure that I was satisfied gave me such a positive image of your company. I have mentioned the outstanding service that I received to my daughter and she and I both agreed that we will definitely use your company in the future. I thank you again for your excellent service! David Neifer
Educational Toys Planet is wonderful! I love their website, their helpful customer service and their great selection of toys. As an educator, this website has been amazing for me. Their selection of infant toys served me well while working in a daycare, and their selection of math and language arts toys are serving me well now as a third grade teacher. I highly recommend Educational Toys Planet to all of my friends, family and coworkers. Besides having educational toys, I love that they carry toys made in the USA. My purchases always arrive on time, packaged neatly and when necessary, gift wrapped. I can’t say enough about this company. I truly love everything they stand for and do. Kim M., NJ
Wow that is great service, no, excellent service! You certainty go the extra mile to help your customers. Greatly appreciated, I certainty will recommend your company to all my friends. Thanks again. Harry A., FL
Thank you so much for your help, your customer service is Awesome!! Wishing ya'll a wonderful day, Cheryl.
I just thrilled I came across this site, as my grandson in fascinated with electricity. Lauren, WV
This is my first time shopping here and I will be back! I liked being able to search for toys by age. Very handy! Also, the free shipping was a nice surprise. Salina, NE
Wow, I'm very satisfied and impressed with my service and educational value I'm giving to my children!! Ahwahnee W., CA
0-12 mon
1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years
6 years
7 years
8 years
9 years
10+ years
Help
Contact
About
Blog
Schools and Organizations
Privacy
Receive Coupons and Special Promotions:
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Educational Toys Planet
Offices, Retail Showroom
922 State Route 33
Building 6 Suite 8
Freehold, NJ 07728
Phone 1-800-557-0430
Fax 1-732-333-1388

Copyright © 2017 Educational Toys Planet LLC. All Rights Reserved.