(940) 328-0788 info@epii.com
Get sustainable relief, quickly and safely, from symptoms of:
Alpha-Stim M
Get quick, sustainable relief from acute, chronic, and post-traumatic pain, while also treating other conditions often associated with pain (such as anxiety, depression, and insomnia).
Alpha-Stim AID
Our cranial electrotherapy stimulation device relieves symptoms of anxiety, depression, and insomnia quickly and safely without depending on medication.
Why Choose Alpha-Stim?
Results are proven and often immediate
Over 100 clinical research studies
No lasting side effects
30 Day Money-Back Guarantee – details
Toll Free Clinical Support at 1-800-FOR-PAIN
5 Year Limited Warranty – details
Major cost savings compared to drugs
US Marine and Medal of Honor Recipient Dakota Meyer Shares Battle with Anxiety and Results with Alpha-Stim.
“I feel like I’ve tried almost everything. I’ve tried medication. A lot of it just self-medication, drinking. Trying to do something to get relief long enough to get just a little rest somewhere. It was like Alpha-Stim just melted the anxiety away. I could not believe the relief. How many times have I dealt with the anxiety because I didn’t want to take the drugs? Alpha-Stim allows me to fix my problem without stopping life. Life still goes on. To have a solution to the problem that allows me to go on about my life without any adverse effects is incredible. If it can help me this much, then it can help anybody.”
– Dakota Meyer
“Our hospitals are doing some really exciting things to combat chronic pain and take care of our veterans. There are VA hospitals that are using Alpha-Stim devices to treat pain and depression…That’s only going to continue and keep getting better.”
– Robert McDonald, VA Secretary The Washington Post, February 18, 2015
View Product Reviews
      Alpha-Stim technology has proudly been serving United States military service members since 2005.
      Accessories
Each Alpha-Stim device comes with everything you’ll need to maximize the effect of the therapy.
VIEW ALL ACCESSORIES
Alpha Conducting Solution (250ml) Refill Size
$24.00
Earclip Electrodes for the Alpha-Stim AID
$36.00
Box of 100 Alpha-Stim Probe Electrode Pads
$19.00
Alpha-Stim in the News
Click here to view more media
New Device Helps People Battle Anxiety & Depression
Click here to view video and article
Alpha-Stim Technology Featured in New American Psychiatric Association Book on Complementary and Integrative Treatments
The American Psychiatric Association recently released Complementary and Integrative Treatments in Psychiatric Practice, a book with unrivaled scope, easy readability, and outstanding clinical relevance. The APA says it an indispensable resource for psychiatric and...
read more
The Rise of Opiate Addiction & A Local Company’s Answer
There is no question the drug epidemic is getting worse. Deaths have been on the rise over the past 15 years with more than a half of a million people having died from addiction between 2000 and 2015. There is little debate that opioids are a large part of the...
read more
Stressed teachers offered electric shock therapy to combat anxiety and depression
By David Jarvis Stressed teachers at a chain of academies are being offered electric shock therapy to combat anxiety and depression. Already used by the British Army and US military to treat post traumatic stress the gadget works by stimulating the brain with a mild...
read more
Click here to view more media
  Distributors
Visit our Distributor Portal to track and view your orders.
    EMAIL SIGN UP
Patient Information
Pain
Anxiety
Depression
Insomnia
FAQs
Patient Brochures
Alpha-Stim Training Videos & Owner Manuals
Product Registration
About EPI
Executive Team
News & Media
Customer Support
Healthcare Professionals
Treating Pain
Treating Mood Conditions
Research at a Glance
All Alpha-Stim Research
Product Brochures
History of the Waveform
Indications and Risks


Electromedical Products International, Inc 2201 Garrett Morris Parkway Mineral Wells, TX 76067-9034, USA

US:1-800-FOR-PAIN (367-7246)
OUS: +(940) 328-0788
Email: info@epii.com

For availability of product in Canada, do not use this website.
Alpha-Stim and the Alpha-Stim logo are registered trademarks, and LET NOTHING STOP THEM is a trademark of Electromedical Products International, Inc. © 2017 Electromedical Products International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Manufactured under US Patents 8,612,008; 8,457,765; and 8,463,406.
Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Regulatory and Patent Information