NEW!!
Introducing the Bamboo GTX Series!
Bamboo Flex with Carbon Range
SHOP BAMBOO GTX
CARBON GT SERIES
High Performance with Maximum Range
SHOP CARBON GT
BAMBOO GT SERIES
Power and Versatility with the Flex of Bamboo
SHOP BAMBOO GT
BAMBOO ONE
Ride the endless wave with 2000W of power
SHOP BAMBOO ONE
POWER - PERFORMANCE - VERSATILITY
At Evolve Skateboards we're passionate about creating the highest quality carving machines that incorporate the best longboarding concepts with the latest technology. 
7-Day Money Back Guarantee*.
ACCESSORIES
COMPONENTS
WHEELS
TIPS, MAINTENANCE, & TECH SUPPORT
INSTAGRAM
BLOG POSTS
USING YOUR EVOLVE ELECTRIC SKATEBOARD FOR DAILY COMMUTING
July 28, 2017
Don’t just change the way you commute, change the way you feel commuting. An Evolve electric skateboard makes traveling to work fun—and it’s better for your health (and your wallet), too! Did you know the average American spends 100 hours a year commuting to and from work? That’s 100 needless hours of isolation, boredom, and frustration. Isn’t it time you make the most of those hours and start enjoying your commute? Isn’t it time you seriously consider using an Evolve electric skateboard for your daily commute?
View full article →
EVOLVE RIDERS WORLD CUP 2017 - EVOLVE WEEKLY EP. 23
July 28, 2017
Experience all of the action and atmosphere from the Evolve Riders World Cup 2017 in Paris, France. Get amongst the thrills and spills of the street race on day one and the all terrain race on day 2. Fierce competition and the amazing Evolve riders community, plus experience the ultimate victory for each race and find out who is crowned the overall Evolve Riders World Champion for 2017. Big thanks to the global Evolve community that travelled from all over the world to make this such an amazing event. It was awesome. You are awesome! Also massive thanks and credit to the people that helped film this including: Joe, Jens, Florian, Mat, Antoine and everyone else that helped bring this together. Thanks legends! Big ups to GoPro for sponsoring the event and providing so many of the cameras that made this rad video content possible.
View full article →
NEW TO EVOLVE?
FAQ'S
Make transportation fun! Here at Evolve Skateboards, our goal is to create the best electric skateboards and longboards possible. We equip our electric powered skateboards with heavy-duty, high-performance electric motors ensuring a smooth and powerful ride. No matter the terrain, we have something for you. With a simple remote control, you can accelerate up and down hills without any hassle as well as easily control the brakes.

Our power skateboards are created to withstand the rigors of every day riding without sacrificing comfortability. You can expect your electric skate board to give you years of service. They also look gorgeous as well! Choose from a variety of colors and designs.

No matter if you are seeking something that will provide a fun ride as you travel, or if you enjoy taking on hills and sharp turns, we have a board for you! We have supplied boards to both beginners and more advanced riders alike. Our boards offer great stability allowing you to pick up riding easily.

Already a board owner? We have a large selection of electric longboard and skateboard accessories and components including wheels, hubs, and much more available to purchase.

When it comes to finding the perfect and most innovative electric skateboard on the market, you’ll want to go Evolve Skateboards. Give us a call at 442-325-1643 to learn more about our electric skateboards for sale today!
GET TO KNOW US
Our Story
Store Policies and Terms of Service
Retail Locations
International Distributors
Contact Us
LET US HELP YOU
Financing
Warranty Registration
Maintenance & Troubleshooting
Your Account
Search
NEWS & UPDATES
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
© 2017 Evolve Skateboards USA. POS and Ecommerce by Shopify
MENU
CART