Free shipping on all orders over $150. Save 10% today by joining our mailing list. Details
Lights.com
866.490.9358 Live Chat Sign In
Cart 0
Nothing in your cart yet.
Subtotal $0.00
Checkout Continue Shopping
Search
Search
Account Cart
Ceiling
Pendant Lighting
Chandeliers
Flush Mount Lighting
Wall Lights Lamps Bulbs
LED Edison Bulbs
Edison Bulbs
Decorative Bulbs
Flameless Candles
Pillar Candles
Tea Lights & Votives
Taper Candles
Lanterns
Figures & Shapes
String Lights
Decorative String Lights
Rope Lights
Vintage String Lights
Christmas Lights
Fairy Lights
Battery String Lights
Lit Decor
Mood Lights
Seasonal
Solar
Solar Landscape
Solar Lanterns
Solar Wall
Sale
View All
Ceiling Lights
Wall Lights
Lamps
Bulbs
Flameless Candles
String Lights
Lit Decor
Solar
The Alton Pendant
One pendant. Hundreds of possibilities.
Pick Your Style
Set The Stage
Drip-free, worry-free ambiance.
Flameless Candles this way
Vintage Charm. Modern Technology.
The most realistic LED Edison Bulbs.
See the Light
Featured Products
Clifton Wall Sconce with Slim Cage, Aged Brass
The Clifton Wall Sconce with Edison Slim Cage Shade works perfectly for bathrooms, hallways, loft...
12-Light Sputnik Flush Mount, Chrome
A take on a timeless fixture, our collection of Sputnik flush mounts pay homage to Gino Sarf...
Hoyt Wall Sconce with Clear Globe, Aged Brass
A simple approach to modern lighting design characterizes the Hoyt wall sconce. Aged Brass with a...
18-Light Sputnik, Aged Brass
A take on a timeless fixture, our collection of Sputnik pendants pay homage to Gino Sarfatti's cl...
Powell Pendant with Hooded White Globe, Aged Brass
The Powell Pendant is a contemporary spin on a mid-century classic. Features a frosted, glass glo...
Powell Wall Sconce with Hooded White Globe, Aged Brass
The Powell Wall Sconce is a contemporary spin on a mid-century modern classic. Features a frosted...
16-Light Sputnik Pendant in Brass, Medium
A take on a timeless fixture, our collection of Sputnik pendants pay homage to Gino Sarfatti's cl...
12-Light Sputnik Flush Mount, Aged Brass
A take on a timeless fixture, our collection of Sputnik flush mounts pay homage to Gino Sarfatti'...
Prospect 6-Light Linear Chandelier, Bronze
The Prospect 6-Light Linear Chandelier has a straightforward, timeless look, merging modern indus...
Powell Pendant with Hooded White Globe, Chrome
The Powell Pendant is a contemporary spin on a mid-century classic. Features a frosted, glass glo...
Clifton Wall Sconce with Slim Cage, Aged Brass
The Clifton Wall Sconce with Edison Slim Cage Shade works perfectly for bathrooms, hallways, loft...
12-Light Sputnik Flush Mount, Chrome
A take on a timeless fixture, our collection of Sputnik flush mounts pay homage to Gino Sarf...
Hoyt Wall Sconce with Clear Globe, Aged Brass
A simple approach to modern lighting design characterizes the Hoyt wall sconce. Aged Brass with a...
18-Light Sputnik, Aged Brass
A take on a timeless fixture, our collection of Sputnik pendants pay homage to Gino Sarfatti's cl...
Powell Pendant with Hooded White Globe, Aged Brass
The Powell Pendant is a contemporary spin on a mid-century classic. Features a frosted, glass glo...
Powell Wall Sconce with Hooded White Globe, Aged Brass
The Powell Wall Sconce is a contemporary spin on a mid-century modern classic. Features a frosted...
Lighting Made Simple
We make the selection simple.
We've curated our offerings to bring you
sophisticated, timeless designs.
Cutting Costs, Not Corners
Because we design and manufacturall of our products,
we can provide you with a thoughtfully-crafted
product at a fraction of the price.
Serious Support
We know lighting can be complicated.
Our knowledgeable and friendly in-house
customer support team is ready to help.
Read more About Us
About Us Contact & FAQ Live Chat Return Policy Warranty Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Careers
Copyright © 2017 Lights.com
Save 10%
When you sign up to get updates about sales and the latest products!
Get my 10%
Offer valid for new subscribers only. We will never spam you.
Happy Shopping!
Enter the code below at checkout to save 10%. We also emailed you a copy.
XXXXXXXXXXXXX