Toggle menu
Previous
Next
1234
Featured Products
Downtube Kids Race Bike
$369.00
9S: Front Suspension 9sp Commuter Folding Bike
$499.00
Downtube 9FS Full Suspension Folding Bike
$549.00
Downtube
8C Internal hub chain drive folding bike
$539.00
Downtube
8H internal hub belt drive folding bike
$899.00
Downtube mini chain drive folding bike
$499.00
Downtube
8S: Front Suspension 8 speed Folding Bike
$329.00
Downtube
Downtube miniB 11sp belt drive Folding Bike
$1,199.00
Downtube/Bike1.com introduces our folding bike & kids bike models
Folding bikes are adaptable, resourceful and versatile. As the name implies, you can fold them and easily take them on the train, bus and inside of a vehicle. When you open them up, they are amazingly agile and swift on the roadways! At Downtube, you will find several new folding bike models to choose from. All of our folding bikes will give you the lifestyle of freedom, providing transportation solutions that are affordable, practical and fun.
  The Design Phase
For years, the designers have perfected the Downtube Folding Bikes to provide the highest quality that customers deserve. Since late 1990s to 2003, we have been fortunate to have professional designers at an overseas high end factory dedicating their time and passion to creating this wonder bike.
  In 2003, we decided to introduce the Downtube VI folding bicycle on the market and to the public. It was a hit! So, in 2005, we did the same thing with our 9 FS full suspension folding bike, which became a best seller and favorite!
  In early 2015, we introduced two new Downtube Folding bike models that the public have also fallen in love with. These new models feature the Gates Carbon belt drives with Shimano Nexus internal hubs. In 2017 we continued the evolution by moving up to Shimano Alfine 11 sp hubs with the Gates CDX belt drives. Supplies are limited, make sure to get one before they are gone.
  Fulfilling Your Needs
Looking for some adventure? Want a commuting companion? Need transportation solution? Then the Downtube folding bike is the answer. You can ride it work and take it with you overseas, on a boat trip or riding around your neighborhood. At Downtube, we are in the business of helping people like you to unfold new journeys at home and abroad by sharing our folding bikes. We are excited about the prospect of helping you to fulfill your passion for adventure.
  Value and Style
Our exhilarating line of folding bikes carries extraordinary value and style, with the ultimate focus on innovation, affordability and attractive transportation. We've jam-packed as much as is deemed necessary into our bikes for convenience so that you can experience the ease and joy of what the foldable bicycles have to offer.
  Giving You Savings!
One of the things that make us different from other folding bike companies is that we directly sell to our customers to avoid the middle man. That means our customers benefit from the big savings.
  Purchase One
Purchase one of these models today, if you are looking for the ideal companion for your vacation trip. You can depend on our excellent design, high performance, quality standards and the comfort that you will experience. In fact, we are big on comfort. No one wants to ride an uncomfortable bike, whether it is a folding bike or full size bike. Our folding bikes are easy for travel and provide adequate storage.
  Customizing Your Order
When you purchase your bike from us, it is carefully and tightly packed and shipped it safely. We have made it convenient for you by adding a show and tell video for each folding bike. You can watch the videos below to learn more. Just click on the links here at:
https://youtu.be/teOHc5WItJM
https://youtu.be/F_zFoAgk7Sg
Act Now
OK, so now that you have watched the video, what are you waiting for? Purchase one of your own! Act now by selecting the folding bike of your choice and ordering today!
  If you have any questions, contact our executive designer, Dr. Yan at yanl@downtube.com or call 215 245-3042 today. 
Navigate
Dealers
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap
Categories
Accessories
Bikes
Blog
FAQ
News
Testimonials
Kids Bicycle Corner
Popular Brands
Downtube
View All
Info
Greensboro, NC
Call us at 215-245-4032
Subscribe to our newsletter
Get the latest updates on new products and upcoming sales
Email Address
Powered by BigCommerce
© 2017 Downtube
 REVIEWS