The Rolls Royce of Lip Plumpers
BROWSE OUR PRODUCTS
WHY ARE WE DIFFERENT ?
  USD
  
    
    INR
    
  
    
    GBP
    
  
    
    CAD
    
  
    
  
    
    AUD
    
  
    
    EUR
    
  
    
    JPY
    
  
USDINRGBPCADAUDEURJPY
USDINRGBPCADAUDEURJPY
1
2
3
PLUMP & SHAPE LIPS IN 2 MINUTES
Welcome to CandyLipz OFFICIAL home, the leading expert in natural lip enhancement. Internationally acclaimed with over 30 design & beauty awards and 30 USA and international patents. We have hundreds of thousands of satisfied users worldwide. CandyLipz is used by elite industry artists/talents for movies, television, advertising, runways, & photo shoots for print. We appeared in major news spanning all continents and were seen on The Doctors, CNN, MTV, ET, Inside Edition, EXTRA, TMZ, TODAY, Access Hollywood, The Washington Post, Daily Mail, PopSugar, Buzzfeed & more. CandyLipz has been in use for over 6 years and lip plumpers have been on the market for over a decade with incredible success. Whether you want to enlarge your lips or just to improve the appearance of your lip shape and contour, give us a try! CandyLipz is all about fun!
1
Incredible Breakthrough Invention
The CandyLipz lip plumper is one-of-a-kind! It is an ingenious, hand-operated lip enhancer powered by an ancient Chinese Cupping suction technique that enlarges the lips without using chemicals or needles. The stunning shaping and contouring of the lips are made possible by a built-in, patented Xtreme Lip-Shaper system. Engineered elements guide the lips to form beautifully and smoothly in each and every lip enhancement session. Fun and easy to use anytime and anywhere.
2
Impressive Clinical Trial Results
After using the lip plumper for just two minutes twice daily over a period of 60 days, participants in a clinical trial saw their lip volume increase by 36% from their original sizes. After immediate application, users have reported their lips stayed plump up to 24 hours. Individual results may vary. Today, CandyLzipz makes it possible for you to have the appearance of fuller lips all year round. Depending on where you live, 1 syringe of filler averages $500. Some individuals need 2 syringes to see noticeable results. Frequent visits to maintain the look can cost $2,000 or more a year! With CandyLipz, it is a one-time purchase for the price of a pair of Jeans starting at $35! AVAILABLE EXCLUSIVELY HERE.
3
Awesome CandyLipz Benefits
CandyLipz has been in use for over 6 years. It took 3 years to test and develop. Our high quality, AUTHENTIC products are made with extreme care. The tool uses a perfect lip-shaping design and precise negative pressure for your lips while knockoff products are lacking these elements. Don't leave your lips to untested products! CandyLipz's design was invented to enhance oddly shaped lips and the appearance of aging lips. If you are experiencing thinning of the lips, lip asymmetry, lip lines, grooves, pits, smoker's lines, drooping of the Cupid’s bow and corners of the mouth, and/or lengthening of the lip philtrum, CandyLipz has been reported by users to improve the appearance of their lips instantly.
4
Total Control
CandyLipz is unlike any other lip plumping tool on the market. It works on all 15 anatomical lip zones at the same time. You can enhance your lips slightly or triple your lip size in minutes. If one of the lips is too thin, you have the option to work on it separately. CandyLipz is designed for hands-free use so you can still work while you plump your lips. 
5
Change Up Your Look
You can create two fun and sexy lip styles using CandyLipz lip plumpers! For a cute and youthful pout, the CandyLipz single-lobed style delivers this look. For a dramatic celebrity-inspired look, give your lower lip a cute vertical dimple using the double-lobed style. You can change up your looks quick and easy in minutes without the hassle and expense of lip injections.
6
Internationally Acclaimed
CandyLipz won 30 incredible awards internationally including the most coveted award- GOOD DESIGN, which remains the oldest and the world's most recognized program for design excellence worldwide and the A' Award of excellence where Candylipz Xtreme Lip-Shaper System was exhibited in the Museum of Outstanding Design in Milan, Italy. 
FEATURED COLLECTION
ON SALE
Candylipz Lip Plumper Model A: Size (S to M)
$49.99
ON SALE
Candylipz Lip Plumper Model B: Size (S to M)
$49.99
ON SALE
Candylipz Lip Plumper Model C: Size (M+ to L)
$49.99
SOLD OUT
Candylipz Lip Plumper Model D: Size (M+ to L)
$49.99
BROWSE MORE PRODUCTS
Categories
Home
Training Videos
About Us
Lip Plumping Products
FAQs
Clinical Trial
Awards
Gallery
Blog
Customer Service
Contact Us
Help Center
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Site Map
Track A Package
International Sellers
Wholesale
ShareASale Affiliate
My Account
Order History
My Account
Upload Image
User's Manual
Subscribe and Follow Us
support@candylipz.zendesk.com
844-CANDYLIPZ
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google+
Instagram
Youtube
Accepted Payments:
DINERS CLUB JCB
© Copyright 2017 CandyLipz LLC.
All Rights Reserved. Xtreme Lip-Shaper® System
×
Receive Our Latest News 
SPEND $50 AND GET A FREE  PRODUCT VALUED UP TO $44.99. FOUR CHOICES TO SELECT FROM. 
SIGN UP