Menu
Toggle navigation
(0)
LAUNDRY
BATH
DECOR
ORGANIZE
STUDY
SECURITY
COOK
PACKAGES
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Headside Caddy
$11.94 
VIEW DETAILS
Supersoft Twin XL Bedding Sheets - College Bedding Sheet Set
$18.98 
VIEW DETAILS





Cookin Caddy - Over The Fridge Storage Organizer
$10.88
VIEW DETAILS
Bare Bottom Sheets - Twin XL Bedding White
$40.00
VIEW DETAILS
SWOL Safe - Portable Dorm Safe
$99.99
VIEW DETAILS


Deluxe Mesh Shower Tote - TUSK College Storage
$6.48
VIEW DETAILS
Calico Mint Twin XL Comforter
$68.60
VIEW DETAILS
Midnight Hive Twin XL Comforter Set
$66.44
VIEW DETAILS





100% Complete - Bedding & Essentials Package
Tip: DormCo packages are ridiculously Cheap and Big!
$295.53
VIEW DETAILS
The College Cube - Dorm Desk Bookshelf - Beech (Natural Wood)
Tip: Staying organized is critical for limited dorm space.
$48.89
VIEW DETAILS
Bedside Basket
Tip: Keeping bedside items within reach makes dorm life comfortable.
$13.88
VIEW DETAILS
Peacock Stone Washed Textured Quilt - Cotton - Twin XL
Sales Price: $ 43 . 13  
Our Price: $ 73 . 97 You save 42%
Ends: 08/05/2017 at 12am EST
VIEW DETAILS
Full-Length Mirror Jewelry Stand - White Tall (College-Ave)
Sales Price: $ 88 . 98  
Our Price: $ 122 . 86 You save 28%
Ends: 08/05/2017 at 12am EST
VIEW DETAILS
Comfort Padded Moon Chair - Sky Aqua
Sales Price: $ 31 . 00  
Our Price: $ 39 . 93 You save 22%
Ends: 08/05/2017 at 12am EST
VIEW DETAILS
About DormCo
DormCo is the leading retailer for college dorm essentials! We are known as "The College Dorm Supplies Superstore." When shopping for college stuff, dorm bedding, or any accessories for your dorm room in general, you can be sure that DormCo won’t let you down. All of our dorm products are designed for college dorms and everything you see in our online college store was personally selected by people who know what college students need for comfortable and enjoyable dorm life.
Our impressive selection and excellent prices make DormCo a favorite place for college students, high school graduates, parents, and family and friends alike to shop for all of the top of-the-line dorm room essentials. We have awesome Twin XL bedding: including sheets, toppers, and comforters. In addition, we also have dorm futons and college rugs, which you should consider adding to your list of necessary dorm stuff. DormCo also carries thousands of dorm décor products, college dorm organizers, space savers, posters, collegiate trunks, dorm security items, study accessories, and much more! As if all of that wasn't great in itself, another bonus of shopping with DormCo is that we ship 99.99% of our offered dorm products from our Buffalo, NY warehouse. This means we can offer you shipping for only $2.95 on your entire dorm supplies order, and we can ship most orders within 24 hours! Thus, you receive better service, cheaper prices, and more variety of the dorm stuff you want and need. At DormCo, we hope to be your dorm store of choice over the next four years. Good luck in college and enjoy dorm life!
Wait! One more thing we forgot to mention. Did you know that DormCo first began as a wholesaler of college dorm supplies? We began selling our dorm stuff to those "big box retailers". However, with the advent of online shopping and wanting to get you, the customer, the lowest price, our company shifted gears and now makes our complete dorm essentials product line available direct to you the customer. Everything we carry is right here at DormCo.com. Knowing this gives you the confidence that by purchasing direct from the manufacturer that you are getting great deals and crazy low prices (without coupons, just low costs from the start) on all of your dorm room stuff. Our prices are not only affordable, but our selection in dorm bedding (Twin XL Bedding), college decor, dorm seating, dorm room rugs, organizers, and college trunks are almost impossible to beat! The toughest question you may have while dorm shopping with DormCo might just be..."Where do I begin?" -- That's the fun part! Look around the site, pick out some great dorm supplies, and let us know if we can help make your dorm shopping easier.
Featured DormCo.com Video
Deals Sign Up
SUBSCRIBE
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
DEPARTMENTS
EXTRAS
MY ACCOUNT
COMPANY
Copyright © 2017 www.dormco.com. All Rights Reserved. Built with Volusion.