Create an Account
LOGIN
My Cart
SEARCH PRODUCTS, INGREDIENTS, RESOURCES, ETC.
PRODUCTS
ORDERING
RESOURCES
QUALITY
ABOUT
CONTACT
1
2
3
4
Blending the gifts of nature with the validation of science, Natura’s products are distinguished by their exceptional grade of purity, potency and effectiveness.  Our formulas feature a synergy of select botanical and nutritional ingredients that support the body’s biochemical processes to encourage optimal health.
Why Combine Botanicals & Nutrients?
Botanicals guide specific biochemical processes in the body to encourage optimal functioning of all organs and systems. Nutrients provide the body the raw materials it needs to support these processes.
A single herb or nutrient may lead to an improvement in symptoms, but the overall results often fall short of what can be achieved when one or more combination formulas are used.
Combination formulas offer enhanced effectiveness especially for the variety of complex issues clinicians are faced with today in their patients.
Contact Us
Natura Health Products
125 Clear Creek Dr.
Ashland, OR 97520
(tel) 541.488.0210
(fax) 541.482.3844
info@naturahealthproducts.com
Contact Form
Customer Service
How to Order
Shipping & Returns
Digital Catalog
Apply for an Account
FAQs
Sign-up for our newsletter
GO
News, Events, Press
Upcoming Events
Natura Practitioner Forum- 3rd Friday of every month
Medicines from the Earth Herb Symposium - June 3-5, 2017
Webinar Series: Overview of the Eclectic Triphasic Medical System w/ Donnie Yance
Aug 7 & 14 and Sept 11 & 18 at 2 - 4 PM EDT
From the Natura Blog
Natura Sponsored Athlete: Timothy Allen Olson
Natura featured on popular site, HelloGiggles.com
Have You Had Your Fermented Foods Today?
How to Support Your Immune System During the Changing Seasons, Part II
Products Quality About Contact Career Opportunities
© 2016 Natura Health Products
* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Online Payments