Call 1-800-849-RACE   for Tickets
Kids 12 and under are FREE
Anheuser-Busch and Road Atlanta Continue Partnership into 2017 and Beyond
BRASELTON, Ga. — Leon Farmer & Company, a regional distributor for Anheuser-Busch products, and Road Atlanta have renewed their multi-year partnership to extend for years to come, track officials announced.
Leon Farmer rejoins the Road Atlanta family of partners just in time for one of the most exciting seasons to date for the world-famous road racing facility. This year marks the 20th running of the Motul Petit Le Mans, a monumental anniversary for the 10-hour sportscar race that began in 1998 and has flourished into an internationally-renowned racing destination.
"Anheuser-Busch and Leon Farmer & Company are excited to extend our partnership with Road Atlanta," said Chris Stallings, Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Leon Farmer & Company. "This track continues to be a great destination for racing fans and we're thrilled to be a part of the track's continued success. Road Atlanta is a great fit for Anheuser-Busch and our product portfolio, so we're looking forward to continuing our brand efforts at all the events held at Road Atlanta."
READ MORE
Motul Petit Le Mans Podium Club
Enjoy your favorite sporting event by joining an exclusive club tailored to all sports car enthusiasts who want an unforgettable, all-inclusive experience at one of the best road racing courses in the world.
PURCHASE PODIUM CLUB PACKAGE
Chevrolet Renews Long-Standing Partnership with Road Atlanta
BRASELTON, Ga. – Chevrolet returns as Official Vehicle and the Official Truck of Road Atlanta for 2017 and beyond. Chevrolet, who… READ MORE
Risi Ferrari Team Of Fisichella, Vilander, Calado Win Petit Le Mans
Honda Captures Patrón Endurance Cup Championship, Action Express Wins Third Consecutive Team And Drivers Title
Honda Captures Petit Le Mans Victory At Road Atlanta
Nielsen On Verge Of Making History For Ferrari, Aims For GTD Title In 2016 IMSA Season-Ending Petit Le Mans At Road Atlanta


© Copyright 2017 Road Atlanta LLC.   TERMS OF USE  |  PRIVACY POLICY     
Kids 12 and under are FREE at all events when accompanied by an adult.
Back to Top