Home
About Us
Our Locations
Email Savings
Job Application
Promo Ads
Rebate Center
My Account
Product Quotes
Clearance
LIVING ROOM
BEDROOM
DINING ROOM
MATTRESSES
APPLIANCES
ELECTRONICS
LAWN & GARDEN
APPLY FOR CREDIT
Select Language▼
Locate a Schewels near you!
Track My Delivery
Make a Payment
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Monthly Contest
Sign up to enter our Monthly Drawing Contest >
Sign Up for Savings
receive special offers via email >
Low Monthly Payments
find a payment plan that works for you >
Debt Protection Plan
our peace of mind promise >
The Schewels Difference
from our family to yours for over 115 years >
Career Application
apply for a job online >
Schewels aims to be the best local furniture store, mattress store, and everything electronic or appliance store in cities as diverse as Roanoke, Virginia, and Henderson, North Carolina. Our in-store credit makes it easy to find sofas for sale or sectionals for sale, buying new over used. People come to us looking for loveseats or dining room furniture for sale, beds for sale or couches and even recliners (or TVs or refrigerators or air conditioners) for sale from Danville, VA, to Martinsburg, West Virginia, to even Culpeper VA or appliances for sale in Collinsville, VA. Browse our complete list of furniture store locations, including our Richmond furniture store and Winchester VA furniture locations. Browse online and then go to a store near you.
Items listed on our site are not guaranteed to be in stock. Please feel free to call or visit any of our Schewel Furniture stores to verify the availability of an item you are interested in. Schewel Furniture Company does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of prices, items, descriptions, colors, graphics, links or other items contained on this site.
Need Help?
Find A Store
Contact Us
Product Quotes
Warranty Information
Company
Home
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
FAQ
Site Map
Mobile
Connections
  Facebook
  Twitter
  Google+
  Instagram
  Pinterest
  YouTube
Brands We Carry
Bassett
La-Z-Boy
Simmons
GE
Frigidaire
and many more!
Useful Links
Room Maker
Apply for Credit
The Schewels Difference
Shop By Category
Furniture
Mattresses
Appliances
Electronics
Lawn & Garden
Find A Furniture Store Near Me


All Your Retail Copyright 2017 allyourretail.com
Welcome to our website! As we have the ability to list on our website (our selection changes all of the time), it is not feasible for a company our size to record and playback the descriptions on every item on our website. However, if you are an American with a disability we are here to help you. Please call our disability services phone line at 434-522-0200 during regular business hours and one of our kind and friendly personal shoppers will help you navigate through our website, help conduct advanced searches, help you choose the item you are looking for with the specifications you are seeking, read you the specifications of any item and consult with you about the products themselves. There is no charge for the help of this personal shopper for any American with a disability. Finally, your personal shopper will explain our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, and help you place an order if you so desire.