All Categories

Cobweb Thinlits Die Set - Sizzix *
Regular Price: $12.95
Special Price: $9.09
Pre order
Add to Cart
Explore Air Closeout Bundle 2 (Tote) - Cricut
Regular Price: $479.95
Special Price: $269.95
Add to Cart
Planner Punch Board - We R Memory Keepers
Regular Price: $24.95
Special Price: $17.49
Add to Cart
Merry Merry Ephemera (Glitter Accents) - Pebbles
Regular Price: $4.95
Special Price: $3.74
Out of Stock
Witchcraft Thinlits Die Set - Sizzix *
Regular Price: $12.95
Special Price: $9.09
Pre order
Add to Cart
Gold Dipped Magic Sweet Stand - The Sweet Tooth Fairy
Regular Price: $29.95
Special Price: $22.49
Add to Cart
Silly Monsters Thinlits Die Set - Sizzix *
Regular Price: $19.95
Special Price: $13.99
Pre order
Add to Cart
Merry Merry (12 x 12) Paper Pad - Pebbles
Regular Price: $19.95
Special Price: $14.95
Add to Cart
Heart of Home (12 x 12) Gold Foil Paper Pad - Jen Hadfield - Pebbles
Regular Price: $14.95
Special Price: $11.24
Add to Cart
CraftDirect.com: Paper Craft Supplies
Welcome to CraftDirect.com! We are an industry leading online craft store. Here, you will find great prices on all the discount paper craft supplies you need to complete wonderful projects. Make scrapbook layouts, cards, home decor, and more! We also have a variety of art supplies and organizational solutions. Here you can save on the best brands, like Cricut, Silhouette America, Sizzix, We R Memory Keepers, etc.
We are a company that takes pride in the products we offer. Customer satisfaction is what drives our business. Our customers are happy because we have the best deals on quality craft supplies. Cricut cartridges are one of our most popular product lines, along with the new Explore Air 2 machines (cuts twice as fast) which are the latest system for using these cartridges. We also have the CAMEO 3. We have all your favorite brands, including:
American Crafts
Cricut (Provo Craft)
CGull
Heidi Swapp
Pioneer Photo Albums
Silhouette
Simple Stories
Sizzix
We R Memory Keepers
and more!
About CraftDirect
We are committed to providing each customer with the highest standard of service. We make it our goal to put a smile on each of our customers' faces. We have been in business for over a decade and we keep up with all the latest styles and trends. We know just about everything there is to know about paper craft supply, so don't hesitate to contact us if you don't understand how products work.
We have all kinds of craft supplies at discount prices, ranging from electronic cutting machines to patterned cardstock stacks. Creating with CraftDirect can be a lot of fun, in part because we have you covered for a number of project types:
Scrapbooking
If you like to scrapbook, you have come to the right place. We have a large selection of discount scrapbook supplies, including designer albums, photo sheets, page protectors, scrapbook page kits, and tons of paper, like solid-colored cardstock.
Homemade Cards
Homemade cards are becoming more and more popular among crafters. Not only is it a fun hobby, but it can be (not always) an inexpensive solution for your greeting card needs. Make cards and embellishments and personalize each project just the way you like it. We have paper, dies, embossing folders, machines, cartridges, tools, accessories, and everything else that you need to make cards. One of the best solutions for making cards are Sizzix dies.
Home Decor
If you are big into home decorating, then you will love what we have to offer. We have fun kits that will allow you to decorate in unique ways, as well as DIY picture frames, banners, gallery prints, holiday decor, party decor, and of course tons of vinyl!
Save at Our Online Craft Store
At CraftDirect, we are here to help you. When you shop with us you can trust that you are getting a good deal and quality products that you can count on. Don't wait for your next big craft failure to decide you should have purchased some paper craft supplies from a name you can trust. We have all your favorite designers, including Tim Holtz!
CraftDirect
Contact Us Privacy Policy FAQ Terms & Conditions
My Account
Track My Order My Account Shopping Cart
Follow Us
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Twitter Google+
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
@
Subscribe
© 2014 CraftDirect.com. All Rights Reserved.