http://www.nbr.org - NBR - The National Bureau of Asian Research
Shopping Cart
Congress |
Academics |
Corporate |
Media |
Databases |
Forums |
Site Index
ABOUT
»

RESEARCH
»
PUBLICATIONS
»
REGIONS
ISSUES
EXPERTS
EVENTS
Home
The Role of History and Law in the South China Sea and Arctic Ocean
Justin D. Nankivell (APCSS) explains how the outcome of last summer's South China Sea arbitration may impact the Arctic legal claims of Canada and Russia.
12345
              
New Book

China's Eurasian Century? Political and Strategic Implications of the Belt and Road Initiative
Publication Series

Strategic Asia

Asia Policy Journal

NBR Reports

NBR Analysis Briefs
Commentary
Q&A
Course Reader

Energy Security and the Asia-Pacific
For Policymakers
For Academics
For Corporate
For the Media
The Recent Election in Mongolia
Given the increasingly close Sino-Russian relationship, Mongolia may prove to be helpful in guarding and enhancing U.S. interests in Asia. Alicia Campi (Johns Hopkins SAIS) discusses the policy and security implications of the recent Mongolian presidential election and the best course of action for the United States.
North Korea and Asia's Evolving Nuclear Landscape: Challenges to Regional Stability
The progress of North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs has been surprisingly rapid. Reports in July of the country’s first successful test of an ICBM stirred a new sense of urgency in the U.S. and across Northeast Asia. This report analyzes the factors shaping the evolving nuclear landscape in Asia.
Harnessing the Wind in China
NBR spoke with Joanna Lewis (Georgetown University) to understand the complexities of China’s wind energy industry and the challenges facing the diversification of energy production.
Asia Policy 24 (July 2017)
Topics in this issue include Asia-Pacific perspectives regarding relations with the U.S. under the Trump administration, China’s Belt and Road Initiative, U.S. policy options in the South China Sea, Japan’s reinterpretation of its constitution to allow the limited exercise of collective self-defense, and Japan’s new security policies and politics.
Hong Kong 20 Years after the Handover
On the eve of the twentieth anniversary of the handover of Hong Kong from Britain to China, Friedrich Wu (S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies) assesses the city’s economic and political outlook after two decades under Chinese rule.
Sustainable Futures: Energy and Environmental Security in Times of Transition
This report presents findings from the 2016 Pacific Energy Summit series and identifies opportunities for stakeholders to pursue market-driven policy solutions to energy and environmental challenges in the Asia-Pacific. It details key insights from this year-long initiative, including a high-level event held in Singapore.
Russia’s "Pivot to Asia": The Multilateral Dimension
Stephen Blank (American Foreign Policy Council) explores the opportunities and challenges that Russia has faced in its economic pivot to Asia and examines the potential roadblocks to its future integration with the region with special regard to multilateral Asian institutions.
The Role of U.S. Oil and LNG Exports in U.S. Relations with Japan and South Korea
Jeremy Maxie (Strategika Group Asia Pacific) and Tatsuo Masuda (Nagoya University of Commerce and Business; FairCourt Capital) assess the role of U.S oil and LNG exports in strengthening both Japan’s and South Korea’s energy security and offer proposals for a trilateral energy security partnership.
Nascent Gas Markets in the Era of Low Oil Prices
Younkyoo Kim (Hanyang University) examines the impact of low oil prices on the natural gas and liquefied natural gas (LNG) market in Asia and explores the market and policy conditions necessary to develop a regional trading hub.
2017 Update to the IP Commission Report
On February 27, 2017, the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property (The IP Commission) released an update that provides a new assessment of the problem and details progress to date on recommendations from the 2013 IP Commission Report. The IP Commission was supported by unrestricted funding provided by NBR and its Slade Gorton International Policy Center. Commission members include Gov. Jon Huntsman, Adm. Dennis Blair, and Sen. Slade Gorton. Read the report update at www.IPCommission.org.
"I just finished reading Tom Miller's China's Asian Dream and Nadège Rolland's China's Eurasian Century? These books are essential correctives for anyone who doubts the significance of what China is doing on its western periphery (as compared to China's relatively well-covered activities along its eastern seaboard). Both volumes make a compelling case that China's Belt and Road Initiative is revealing of a broader ambition and an evolving economic and strategic approach to continental Eurasia that will have important global implications.”
Daniel Markey,
Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, in the Cipher Brief

China's Eurasian Century?
Political and Strategic Implications of the Belt and Road Initiative

"The Belt and Road Initiative is meant to address both China’s economic situation and its security environment in order to realize Xi Jinping’s ‘China dream’—that is, his vision for the great rejuvenation of the nation. It is the organizing concept of Xi’s vision for China as a rising global power that has unique national characteristics."

NADÈGE ROLLAND
in the new book
China's Eurasian Century? Political and Strategic Implications of the Belt and Road Initiative
See the table of contents and read a free chapter.

Maritime Awareness Project (MAP)
In partnership with Sasakawa USA, NBR has launched an innovative platform for analyses and data on maritime security that combines interactive mapping technology with analyses from leading maritime experts.
maritimeawarenessproject.org

Stay informed with analysis from our network of experts

Receive updates on NBR's research, commentary, and events
Sign up now
The John M. Shalikashvili Chair in National Security Studies advances the study of national security issues and U.S. interests in Asia.
The Kenneth B. and Anne H.H. Pyle Center for Northeast Asian Studies studies the affairs of the region.
The Center for Health and Aging conducts research on opportunities to improve health through creative policy and cross-sector collaboration.
Sign Up/Subscribe
Email
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Research Groups and Programs
Political and Security Affairs (PSA)
Strategic Asia Program
Trade, Energy, and Economic Affairs (TEEA)
Centers and Chairs
Center for Health and Aging (CHA)
Kenneth B. and Anne H.H. Pyle Center for Northeast Asian Studies
Slade Gorton International Policy Center
John M. Shalikashvili Chair in National Security Studies
Key Events
Energy Security
Engaging Asia
Pacific Energy Forum
Pacific Energy Summit
People’s Liberation Army Conference
Multimedia
Video, Audio, and Transcripts
Publications
Strategic Asia Annual Edited Volume
Asia Policy Journal
NBR Analysis
Reports
Interviews
About
Mission and History
Governance
Our Team
Fellowships and Internships
Support NBR
Join Our Team
Contact Us
Resources For
Academics/Educators
Corporate/Business
Donors
Media
Congress
© 2014 The National Bureau of Asian Research
Privacy Policy