CLIENTS CONTACT LOGIN



Custom Storefront - Take the hassle out of direct online sales with a full solution from design & development to customer service & fulfillment





CUSTOM STOREFRONT
FULFILLMENT
SERVICES
MANUFACTURING
DISTRIBUTION

You stay CREATIVE, we'll handle the FANS
–—SERVICES—–

Custom Storefront
Management & Maintenance of Store
Integrated eCommerce, including PayPal
Full Customer Service solution (phone and email)
Warehousing / Fulfillment / Product Management
Full Artist Dashboard w/ Sales Metrics and Data
Reporting to SoundScan



Fulfillment Only Services
Receive / Manufacture, Store, and Ship
Order Fulfillment for Crowdfunding Projects
Amazon Marketplace Offer Management
API integration - your storefront, our warehouse

Manufacturing
CD / DVD / Vinyl / Books
Wearables
Specialty Items
One-Off Project / Campaign Runs



Distribution
Direct-2-Consumer
Digital Retail - Music / Film / Book
Physical Retail Opportunities
Full Sales Metrics and Data

Pre/Post/Full Production Solutions
theconneXtion's partnership with 9-time Grammy-winning studio whiz Joe "The Butcher" Nicolo (Billy Joel, Cypress Hill, Boyz II Men) and Blacbird Records brings this additional suite of services:

Consulting on Content Creation
Tracking/Mixing/Mastering
A&R
Song Arrangement/Selection
Media Transferring
Publishing/Financing/Promoting
–—ABOUT US—–
Since 1997, theconneXtion has never lost sight of its original goal: to empower YOU to connect with YOUR community. theconneXtion services our vast array of clients by monetizing your relationships, handling all the details, and allowing you to stay focused on being creative. Let us power theconneXtion between you and your community starting today!
We are not an internet company, rather, we are a company which utilizes the internet..what is the difference? It means that we assign a HUMAN account manager to you who's not only there to handle your day to day needs, but also to consult, plan, and create a strategy to keep your fans engaged. Call us, we'd like to talk to you.
–—CLIENTS—–
and more!
–—CONTACT—–


              I want more info on theconneXtion's services
              I have a question about my order
             Message




Manage Your Account
Shipping Info
Returns, Exchanges, and Lost Order Info
Give A Gift Certificate!
How do I use a gift certificate?
Contact Us
Digital Albums
Digital Videos/DVD Downloads
Digital Books
Recycling
Privacy Policy


Copyright ©1997-2020 theconneXtion.com. All Rights Reserved.