Login 0 Item(s) ( $0.00 ) View Cart Checkout
Our Guarantee Home Buy Dunstan Chestnut Trees Buy Chestnut Foods About Us Contact Us Variety and Price List My Cart
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Navigation
Home
The Dunstan Chestnut
The Most Useful Tree
Chestnut Orcharding
Chestnut Foods
Chestnut Recipes
The Best Food Plot Tree
Testimonials
About Us
Our History
Dr. Robert T. Dunstan
When and Where to Plant
Climate and Soils
How to Plant and Grow
Chilling Hours
The Best Root Systems
Why Grow Your Own Fruit
Fruit and Flowering Calendar
Quantity Discount Price List
Read This! Answer to Many Questions
Ordering and Shipping Info
Contact Us
References, Book, and Links
Privacy and Security
Our Catalog
Dunstan Chestnut Trees
Chestnut Food Products
Native and Oriental Persimmon Trees
Pome and Stone Fruit
Pomegranates
Cold-Hardy Citrus
Cold-Hardy Avocados
Berries and Grapes
Exotic and Tropical Fruit
Pecan Trees
Flowering Trees
Tree Packages
Planting and Growing Aids
Gift Certificates
Join our Email List
NEWS and EVENTS

5/31/2017
Select Northern states Walmart stores will receive Dunstan chestnuts and grafted American female persimmons

CT, IA, IL, IN, MA, MD, MI, NY, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, RI, WI


Trees should be arriving
between June 3rd - June 7th to select Walmart stores.


Not all of the states will receive grafted American female persimmons.

- Open the link below -

Link for Walmart stores

We have shipped to many states already this season.

If you don't see your state above or you want to purchase more trees for this Spring.

Look for your state below & open the link associated with your state.

Contact the store or drive to the store as they may still have trees.

In March we shipped to select Walmarts to:
AL, FL, GA, LA, MS, SC & TX.
Link for Walmart stores


In mid - April we shipped to
Theisens and Rural King stores

Click on the link below
Theisens Store link in: IA
Click on the link below
Rural Kings link to: IL, IN, KY, MI, MO, OH, PA, TN, VA, WV


In mid - May we shipped to select Walmarts
to: AR, GA, KS, KY, MD, MO, NC, NY, OK, SC, TN, VA, WV
Link for Walmart stores
In mid - May we shipped to Co-Op Feed dealer stores.

Link for Co-Op Feed dealer stores
to: CT, MD, NY, PA


*Age of trees by container size
3-gallons are 2yrs old. 7-gallons are 3yrs old.

*Note Grafted female American persimmons are all self-pollinating except for the variety, Morris Burton.
We recommend planting the Morris Burton grafted American female persimmons
(Deer Candy collection) with a Deer magnet persimmon tree. Plant 20-35' apart.


The variety tag is a small horizontal plastic tag with no picture located on the trunk of the tree with the variety name.

**The trees will have leaves when you purchase them at the stores.
If you do not have an enclosed trailer or pick up bed cover, please lay the trees down and cover with blanket, shade cloth, and/or tarp to prevent wind damage to your investment.
Link for Growing and planting information

This is a one time shipment for the Spring to these stores for the season. They will go FAST!

You can join our email list to receive a list of retail stores and locations
Use the link to plug in the zip code where you will be planting for specific plant zone. USDA Plant Hardiness Zone Map

To order older trees contact us directly: CHESTNUT HILL OUTDOORS


Shipping information for mail order trees- all mail order trees are 1yr old trees shipped by UPS ground.
We ship our trees via UPS Ground during the Spring and Fall according to your USDA plant Zone and the weather at the time.


Tentative Spring Shipping Schedule *Note all 1yr old trees are shipped bareroot and dormant.
Plant Zones 8-9 in January-February
Plant Zones 7-8 in February-March
Plant Zones 5-6 in late March-April

Tentative Fall Shipping Schedule * Note all 1 yr old trees are shipped in container.
Plant Zones 6 in late September
Plant Zones 7-8 in October
Plant Zones 8-9 in November



Return of the Chestnut
The Dunstan Chestnut is the most widely planted chestnut tree in America. It has been proven blight resistant for over 30 years, and there are many successful commercial orchards of our trees all across the eastern U.S.
Read More
The Best Food Plot Tree


Chestnuts are the best tree to attract deer and wildlife! They evolved with chestnuts as the primary mast tree for thousands of years before the blight. Independent tests show that deer choose chestnuts 100:1 over acorns.

Chestnut Hill Outdoors
New Fruit Varieties
We specialize in new varieties of apples, peaches, nectarines, plums, and berries, bred by the University of Florida for the mild winters of the Deep South. We will make sure you plant the right varieties for your area. We also grow many types of unique fruit, such as persimmons, and pomegranates.
Read More
Profitable Orchard Crop




Dunstan Chestnuts are a profitable orchard crop with virtually unlimited market potential. They begin to produce in only 3-5 years, can bear 1,000-2,000 lbs per acre and bring $3.00-$6.00/lb wholesale depending on the market.
Read More
Our Guarantee Home Buy Dunstan Chestnut Trees Buy Chestnut Foods About Us Contact Us Variety and Price List My Cart
Featured Items:
Price: $19.95
Flordacrest Peach
Price: $25.00
Gift Certificate
Price: $24.95
Dunstan Chestnut Tree
Price: $19.95
Flordaprince Peach
Price: $5.45
American Persimmon Seedling
Price: $12.95
Salavatski Pomegranate
Price: $5.95
4' Grow Tubes
Company
About Us
Our History
Testimonials
Contact Us
Why Grow Your Own Fruit
Home Grown Is Healthier
Selling Your Fruit
Products
Chestnut Food Products
Tree Packages
Dunstan Chestnut Trees
Pecan Trees
Pome and Stone Fruit Trees
Native and Oriental Persimmon Trees
Pomegranate Trees
Cold-Hardy Avocados Trees
Berries and Grapes
Exotic and Tropical Fruit Trees
Flowering Trees
Planting and Growing Aids
Gift Certificates
Ordering and Shipping
Ordering and Shipping FAQ's
How To Order
My Account
Our Plants
Shipping
Guarantee
Nursery Visits
Wholesale Customers
Privacy and Security

How to Plant and Grow
Pest and Disease Control
 

My Account
My Account
My Shopping Cart
Join Our Mailing List
Chestnut Hill Nursery, LLC.
Phone: 386-462-2820
Toll Free: 1-800-669-2067
Fax: 386-462-4330
Email: chestnuthillnursery@gmail.com For retail mail orders only.
Email: chestnuthilltreefarm@gmail.com For wholesale orders only.
Fan us
Follow us
Watch us
Our Blog
Ecommerce software by Spark Pay