STUDENTS ORDER HERE
Navigate to... Home  About  »- About - Executive Team - Board of Advisors - Life at HOL  Lab Kits  »- Lab Kits - STUDENT ORDERING - Courses - Instructor Resources - Student Resources - About Our Technology - Testimonials - LabSelect  News  »- News - Events  Contact  »- Contact - FAQ - Careers  ORDER  »- Order - Important Ordering Information - Shipping Information - Returns & Refunds - Safety - FAQ 
HANDS-ON LABS
  Hands-On Labs is the pioneer and continuing leader in technology and online science for higher education. We are changing the way science education is taught, delivered, and consumed around the world. We have been perfecting online learning for over 20 years and have created the next evolution of distance learning.
  We give you all the tools that you need to get your science class started in no time. We provide you with interactive courseware, hands-on science experiments, modern pedagogies, built in lab reports, ADA compliance, autograding, powerful analytics, and more so you can get back to what you do best: teach.
Interactive Digital Courseware. Learn More
Superior Science Lab Kits for Higher Education Online. Learn More
Teaching Online for the First Time? Start here!
Introducing the “Ultimate Kick Start Guide for Planning Your Online Science Course“.  Our guide provides a sound framework with best practices and principles needed to design a successful online science course.
The kick start guide provides a roadmap for preparing an online science course, using purposeful content to engage students in deeper learning, and ultimately, student success. Download your FREE guide today!
      In an effort to make your life easier we have developed an extraordinarily easy to use technology: HOLcloud. HOLcloud is the only interactive digital courseware that is ADA compliant and that fully integrates with your existing LMS. HOLcloud allows you to access your class anytime, anywhere, and on any device. Learn more about HOLcloud HERE. HOLcloud also offers compliance with Section 508 and Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0. Learn more about our commitment to ADA compliance HERE.
  HOLcloud easily integrates with any Learning Management System (LMS) thanks to our unique tool: LMS Connect. LMS Connect makes it easy to get HOLcloud connected to your LMS with just one click.
    What Instructors Are Saying
Ocean County College has been partnered with Hands-On Labs since 2007, and in that time, HOL has been there for us with respect to our extensive online growth. HOL has created customized science lab kits for our increasing  number of online science courses (including Forensic Science), and has responded to all of our requests as quickly as we ask for them. Their lab kits are an excellent complement to our courses. Their expertise in the Sciences and their customer service are second to none. 
— Marc Labella, Ocean County College
  I have been using Hands-On Labs in our online General Chemistry course for two semesters and I am very happy with both the product and the support! Hands-On Labs is great! The lab kits and experimental procedures provided are very similar to our on-ground General Chemistry labs. Our online students love getting to perform hands-on chemistry experiments at home, and I love that they are getting an experience that is very similar to our on-ground students. The product works well in our course, and the support we receive is outstanding!  
— Shay Bean, Chattanooga State Community College
  I am currently using Hands-On Labs kits for my Microbiology class at American Public University. I’m wrapping up in week 8 and I’m getting some feedback on the labs. The reviews are rave! They are five star positive! The students had an excellent experience and loved the labs. The students liked the two-week spread and one comment states it’s the best lab they have ever had and they have learned more using HOL kits than with any other class they ever had. . They feel the pace was right, they were not overwhelmed, the content was challenging but they learned more about microbes than they ever thought they would. We are extremely pleased with our Hands-On Labs experience.
— Christy Rothermund-Franklin, American Public University
FOLLOW US on TWITTER 
Teaching online for the first time? 7 tips on how to prepare for teaching online. #Edchat #Elearning #HigherEd t.co/Z8IbBsD6WE
Time ago 24 Days via Buffer
Reply Retweet Favorite
What to expect from the changing digital landscape of #highered: Then vs. now vs. 5 years from now. #EdChat #STEM… t.co/cMUGqZeFif
Time ago 57 Days via Twitter Web Client
Reply Retweet Favorite
Follow @handson_labs on twitter.
  RECENT NEWS
HOL Receives the McKinney Award for Outstanding Volunteer Group – Presented By The Tennyson Center For Children.
At Hands-On Labs, our community is at the center of everything that we do. Throughout the year we partner with different local institutions to engage
Read more...
HOL Scholarship Program’s First Semester Was a Complete Success!
HOL Scholarship Program’s First Semester Was a Complete Success!   At Hands-On Labs (HOL), we are committed to giving back to the community. We believe
Read more...
[Upcoming Presentation] Teaching Pre-Nursing Science Courses with Laboratory Delivered Totally Online
Teaching Pre-Nursing Science Courses with Laboratory Delivered Totally Online Dr. James Brown, the Godfather of Online Science, will be presenting at OLC Accelerate this Friday,
Read more...
Hands-On Learning Unveils Revolutionary Educational Software
Introducing HOLcloud, the first web-enabled educational platform designed to reduce instructors’ workload while increasing the effectiveness of instruction. HOLcloud offers interactive educational content, full web
Read more...
  FREE DEMO FOR EDUCATORS
Name:*
Institution:*
Email:*
Phone Number:*
Comments:*
CAPTCHA Code:*
Hands-On Labs (HOL) is the world leader in distance learning. HOL is changing the way education is conceived, delivered and consumed around the world, regardless of location, time zone, or device. Hands-On Labs produces online science lab kits that include modern pedagogy, cloud-based learning platforms, and hands-on lab experiments that mirror the classroom laboratory.
866.206.0773

info@holscience.com
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Home
About
Lab Kits
News
Contact
Order
HANDS-ON LABS | 866.206.0773 | info@holscience.com | Site Map
Copyright 2016 - HOL