Search naabt.org  
The National Alliance of Advocates
for Buprenorphine Treatment
Buprenorphine (Suboxone®, Subutex®3, Zubsolv®4, Bunavail™5, Probuphine®6) is an opioid medication used to treat opioid addiction in the privacy of a physician's office.1 Buprenorphine can be dispensed for take-home use, by prescription.1 This, in addition to the pharmacological and safety profile of buprenorphine, makes it an attractive treatment for patients addicted to opioids.2
About Us
Find
Buprenorphine Treatment
Buprenorphine Education
Online
Support
Communities
Download
and print
info
Patients:
Find a Buprenorphine Provider
TreatmentMatch.org
Have a certified buprenorphine
prescribing provider contact you:
Get Started
Providers:
Help Patients Now
TreatmentMatch.org
Find patients searching for
buprenorphine treatment near you:
Get Started
Download useful info

Select
In the News
UPDATE: NPs and PAs may now begin training to obtain the DATA-2000 waiver.

see DATA-2000 with new amendment
Summary - Patient Limit of 275 - SAMHSA
Mike's Story  
Watch Now
Patient/Physician Discussion Guides - Survey Results
A survey by the National Alliance of Advocates for Buprenorphine Treatment (NAABT) showed that many patients face challenges and difficulties that negatively impact their addiction treatment. A dialog between the patient and physician is important to determine which of the various treatment plans is most appropriate. The patient discussion guide is based on the survey results and can be used to help start this important conversation.
The Purpose of Buprenorphine Treatment:
To suppress the debilitating symptoms of cravings and withdrawal, enabling the patient to engage in therapy, counseling and support, so they can implement positive long-term changes in their lives which develops into the new healthy patterns of behavior necessary to achieve sustained addiction remission. - explain -
Buprenorphine
Buprenorphine downloads
Frequently Asked Questions
Reasons to end the 30/100/275 Patient limit
Laws
DATA-2000
Bunavail
Probuphine
Zubsolv
Suboxone
Butrans
Buprenex
GnrBup1
GnrBup2
GnrBup3
GnrBupNx-1
GnrBupNx-2
Resources
TreatmentMatch.org - Find a doctor
Online Discussion Community
15 ways to save money on treatment
Free Printed Resources
Buprenorphine Side Effects
Patient Stories
Multimedia Files
How to Dispose of Unused Meds - FDA
naabt.org
Home
About
Contact
Glossary
7 ways to find buprenorphine treatment
Privacy Policy
Terms
Understand Buprenorphine Treatment
Donate
NAABT.org - Blog
Sitemap
The National Alliance of Advocates for Buprenorphine Treatment is a non-profit organization charged with the mission to:
Educate the public about the disease of opioid addiction and the buprenorphine treatment option.
Help reduce the stigma and discrimination associated with patients with addiction disorders.
Serve as a conduit connecting patients in need of treatment to buprenorphine treatment providers.
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, FDA Talk Paper, T0238, October 8, 2002, Subutex and Suboxone approved to treat opiate dependence.
Center for Substance Abuse Treatment. Clinical Guidelines for the Use of Buprenorphine in the Treatment of Opioid Addiction. Treatment Improvement Protocol (TIP) Series 40. DHHS Publication No. (SMA) 04-3939. Rockville, Md: Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, 2004.
Subutex Discontinued in the US market in late 2011.
Zubsolv (bup/nx sublingual tablet) FDA approved 7/3/2013 see buprenorphine pipeline graphic -in pharmacies now.
Bunavail (bup/nx bucal film) FDA approved 6/6/2014 see buprenorphine pipeline graphic -in pharmacies now.
Probuphine FDA approved 5/26/2016 - FDA Probuphine press release