Athletics
Careers
Employees
Library
Bookstore
Dining Services
Security
Desire2Learn
WebAdvisor
myWAU
ourWAU
Title IX Sexual Misconduct Policies
Distance Education Disclosure
Gateway to Service….. Engaging Minds, Transforming Lives
<
>
Attention Returning Students:
Fall classes start Monday, August 28, and returning students are reminded to be prepared by: 
· Registering for your classes 
· Seeing your advisor 
· Making sure you are financially cleared
Prospective Students
Admissions
About WAU
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid
Apply Online
Request Information
Visiting WAU
Net Price Calculator
Academics
The WAU Advantage
New Student Orientation
Learning Center
Academic Bulletins
Accreditations
Campus Life
First Year Experience
Living on Campus
Student Resources
Campus Ministries
Clubs and Organizations
Athletics
Current Students
Parent Information
Betty Howard Center for Student Success
Join Us
Discover a place where people live, work and are educated like never before.
Our Campus
Located minutes from the nation's capital in Takoma Park, MD
Welcome to Washington Adventist University, your Gateway to Service!
We are a Christ centered Institution of higher education that supports a culture of excellence where all feel valued and empowered. Our vision as a Seventh-day Adventist university is to produce graduates who bring moral leadership and competence to their communities
Latest News
Washington Adventist University Gains Approvals To Offer New Bachelor of Music Therapy Degree First institution in Maryland to offer the degree
Takoma Park, MD (August 8, 2017) Washington Adventist University (WAU) has been approved to implement a new Bachelor of Music Therapy degree program. WAU is the first institution in the State of Maryland and currently the only Seventh-day Adventist institution in North America to offer this degree. “We are thrilled beyond measure to be gaining this…
Read More
Washington Adventist University Mourns the Passing of Long-time Nursing Professor Carolyn Braudaway
Takoma Park, MD (August 8, 2017) Washington Adventist University (WAU) is mourning the passing of Carolyn Braudaway, a former professor of psychiatric nursing who taught for 20 years at the institution when it was known as Columbia Union College. Upon her retirement in 2006, Broadaway was recognized with the prestigious Zapara Award for Excellence in teaching,…
Read More
Washington Adventist University Graduate Richard Matthews Received the NAACP 2017 Roy Wilkins Renown Service Award on July 25
Takoma Park, MD (August 1, 2017) Washington Adventist University (WAU) graduate Richard E. Matthews was honored on July 25 at 12 noon by the NAACP at its 108th NAACP National Convention at The Baltimore Convention Center, located at 1 W. Pratt Street. Matthews was awarded the NAACP’s 2017 Roy Wilkins Renown Service Award at the…
Read More
Read More
Academic Calendar
PDF 2016-2017
Academic Calendar
PDF 2017-2018
View Monthly Calendar of Events
- THE SCHOOLS -
School of Arts & Social Sciences 
The School of Arts & Social Sciences offers a curriculum focused on fostering the development of the skills essential to be successful in the global service economy of the 21st Century: writing, critical thinking, debate, analysis, and an understanding and appreciation for cultural diversity.
School of Health Professions, Science & Wellness
The School of Health Professions, Science & Wellness employs a philosophy that balances practical training and theory in approaching education for future health sciences professionals. We bridge the gap between concept and practice.
School of Graduate & Professional Studies (SGPS)
For more than 30 years, WAU has been a leader in providing career building undergraduate degree programs for working professionals. WAU has continued to expand those offerings by adding graduate programs. This provides undergraduate students the opportunity to transition into graduate programs and continue to enhance their skills and competitive marketability.
Student Resources
Athletics
Clubs & Organizations
Commuter Students
Counseling Center
Emergency Plan and Alerts
E-Learning
ESL Program
First Generation Ambassador Program
First Year Experience
Graduation Central
Halcyon Hall
Honors Program
Honors Society
Health Services
Student Resources
ID Badges
I-20 process
Morrison Hall
New Student Orientation
Student Association
Student Handbook
Testing Services
Tutoring Services
Vehicle Registration
Veterans
Writing Center
Administration
President’s Cabinet
Board of Trustees
Departments
Compliance, Operations, Institutional Research, and Effectiveness
Faculty & Staff Directory
Strategic Plan
WAU Documents
Community
Affiliations & Partnerships
Columbia Union Conference
Family Fun Festival
Music @ WAU
Sligo Seventh-day Adventist Church
Takoma Park Community
Washington Adventist Hospital
Work @ WAU
WGTS 91.9-FM
Questions & Feedback

Media Inquiries

Privacy Policy
WAU:7600 Flower Ave. | Takoma Park, Maryland 20912
Call Us: 800-835-4212

Web Advocate