Search form
(800) 421-9512
(213) 482-9860
home login alumni site cart subscribe
  request a call from our team
CHECK OUT OUR TRAINING
GRANTSMANSHIP TRAINING PROGRAM
Get the funding you need for your community.
In only 5 days learn to find funding and use the world's most successful grant proposal format. Learn by doing! Get expert guidance while you and a team write and review proposals. Novice or professional — sharpen your skillset and jumpstart your career.
ESSENTIAL GRANT SKILLS
Tight schedule and even tighter budget?
This 2-day course concentrates the material of the 5-day Grantsmanship Training Program into bite-size info and exercises. Create key parts of a grant proposal for your own nonprofit and learn how to avoid pitfalls that plague even experienced proposal developers.
COMPETING FOR FEDERAL GRANTS
Ready to take your grant skills to the next level?
In 5 days, learn how to find federal grant opportunities that match the priorities of your organization and secure those federal funds. Create a concept paper. Get a wealth of resources and samples of winning proposals from government grantmaking agencies.
GRANT MANAGEMENT ESSENTIALS
Effective grant administration is essential for your agency.
In this 2-day workshop, learn how to get your organization's grants compliant. Examine critical legal and policy issues. Inspire funder confidence and avoid bad audits and disallowed costs.  Examine real-world situations that grant managers confront every day. 
see all training
SIGN UP FOR TRAINING
TRAINING DATE LOCATION
Grantsmanship Training Program Aug 14 - Aug 18, 2017 Juneau, AK
get info & sign up
Competing for Federal Grants Aug 21 - Aug 25, 2017 Los Angeles, CA
get info & sign up
Essential Grant Skills Sep 18 - Sep 19, 2017 Williamsburg, VA
get info & sign up
Grantsmanship Training Program Sep 25 - Sep 29, 2017 Cleveland, OH
get info & sign up
Grant Management Essentials Oct 11 - Oct 12, 2017 Los Angeles, CA
get info & sign up
see full schedule
BUY PUBLICATIONS

  "Before applying for any
 grant, read this book."
David Cay Johnston
Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative reporter
get a copy
view all publications
  MEET OUR PARTNERS
Juneau Arts & Humanities Council is the formal arts agency for the Capital City of Juneau, Alaska. It operates the Juneau Arts and Culture Center and programming in performance, visual, literary, and arts education.

Juneau Arts & Humanities Council is hosting the Grantsmanship Training Program August 14-18, 2017 in Juneau, AK.




Previous
Next
BRING US TO YOUR COMMUNITY
Strengthen your organization, serve more clients, and empower your community.
Host our training and receive scholarships for up to 3 staff members in exchange for providing a facility and logistical support (we reimburse expenses).
Sponsor one of our training programs or talk with us about creating a customized workshop for your organization or target audience.
  become a partner
PROJECT GRANTSMANSHIP
  PROJECT GRANTSMANSHIP is a philanthropic partnership established in 2008 to strengthen small to medium-size, community-based organizations serving in Los Angeles County. Through this project, the Grantsmanship Training Program is provided to qualifying organizations for a significantly reduced cost.
Is your organization eligible?
  This training is provided thanks to the generous support of the Annenberg Foundation, California Community Foundation, Dwight Stuart Youth Fund, Ralph M. Parsons Foundation, S. Mark Taper Foundation and The Grantsmanship Center.
  MEET THE TRAINERS
Linda J. Boedeker
30+ years grants professional, fundraiser, trainer, administrator
Foundation program officer, ED of AIDS project, transitional ED varied organizations
Focus: arts, health, capacity-building
Trainer for: Grantsmanship Training Program, Essential Grant Skills
Previous
Next
ALUMNI MEMBERSHIP
Since 1972, more than 130,000 professionals from across the U.S. and around the globe have completed one or more of our trainings.
  Our alumni work in:
non-profit and government agencies
Native American tribes and groups
academic institutions
faith organizations
healthcare institutions
grantmaking organizations, and as
independent grant professionals
    You're not alone when class is over!
Whether it's advice from our trainers or discounts on publications, we're always here to lend a hand. And no one appreciates the successes and challenges of our alumni more than we do. Let us know how your work is changing your community! We love to hear from you! 
  After the initial period of Alumni Membership, which is included at no extra cost with your tuition, Membership can be extended at a special rate. See the different types of Membership here.
  Not one of our alumni but want us to keep in touch?
Join our email list for up-to-date info and tools so you can help your community.
    SHOP
Happy alumni? Proud supporter?
New Store Online Now!
    visit our store
FRONT PAGE RESOURCES
What is a Grant Proposal?
Getting the Grant 101:
The Essentials
Where’s the Money?
Find the Right Funding
Managing Your Grant:
Nuts, Bolts, Coffee
contact us subscribe privacy policy site map
© Copyright 1996-2017 The Grantsmanship Center   •   Los Angeles, CA 90017   •    (213) 482-9860   •   (800) 421-9512